The introduction of the basket (13) in the 方导柱 (10) can be done on the vertical movement.
Where the immediate release portion comprising 1-70% of the active ingredient, the sustained release portion comprises 30-99% of the active ingredient, controls a sustained release of a drug may be up to 8-24 hours.
Cup assembly (1) comprises an upper and lower opening having a cup body (13), the sealing of the opening in the lid (12), sealing the lower opening of the thermally conductive bottom (15) and is mounted to the thermally conductive bottom (15) for chopping food on one of the cutting assembly (14).
The machine may make deli may also be made with crushed food machine,
A mechanism of action which is essentially blocking HIV-1 virus to target cells bind so that it blocks infection. At the same time for the CD4-dependent and independent of the HIV-1 infection, lignin sulfonates have a significant inhibitory effect.
The indole-2, 3-dione is from natural products or synthetic products having low toxicity and adverse side effects are small, have good improves the sperm fertility disorders, promoting the action.
A meridian point injection, which composition comprises a phenol at ambient temperature and a saturated solution of physiological saline, the above ingredients are mixed in a ratio of 0.5-2: 100.
Need only be drawn out of the wire (12) can release the corresponding suture (11), which sends a branched intra-operatively stent release strip is positioned in a blood vessel such as the branch in the aortic arch and upon withdrawal of the delivery device, the incision is sutured after it.
The cover plate to rotate about the shaft assembly rotates open the cover or race.
The immediate release, delayed release formulation is a tablet, a capsule or a suspension.
前后脚 link includes a tubular steel and steel pipe engaged around the periphery of the chair foot; a plastic sleeve after the two longitudinal inserts one end of the tube is inserted into the plastic back;
A: acquiring ventilator air of the proportional valve and oxygen gas with the flow rate of the proportioning valve opening degree relationship;
Otherwise the injections can stimulate the acupuncture point, so that it has the function of reinforcing, enhance efficacy, up to cure the disease object.
Both ends of the steel pipes 前后脚 links, respectively, after the chair foot, prior to insertion of the chair foot plastic sleeve;
The present invention has only two edges in engagement with each other, the waterspout
方导柱 (10) has a hollow square.
The present invention also relates to a product containing lipid raft-film pocket dependant endocytosis pathway modulators, and a therapeutic agent in a pharmaceutical composition.
The device to be performed at the initial stage of the fire fighting a fire occurs, the job is reduced by the extinguishing difficulty.
The above structure having a barbecue rotator (200) such that the grilling without the need for external power supply and may reduce the manual manual operation.
The present invention discloses a measurement device, the measurement device comprising: a main body disposed in the interior of the body, the signal processing module, with a signal processing module are connected to the data communication interface and a first signal processing module is connected to a signal acquisition module;
The present invention is good, the biological properties will not rust, effective to avoid contamination of the medical fluid;
B: according to the opening and the flow rate of the oxygen concentration value preset relationship as well as controlling the air proportional valve and oxygen proportional valve;
The signal processing module for processing is performed on the physiological parameter signal, generates a physiological parameter data, and the physiological parameter data is output by the first data communication interface for use by the terminal device to the terminal device, the physiological parameter data for display.
A controller automatically bagged water introduced into the cover (4) of the body (12), with a hinge binding.
The first body (13) is wrapped around the wire stranding disc (112) or from the wire stranding disc (112) is released, and the seating (20) along the lines of the first body (13) that is moved in the direction of the displacement.
Induction flip-flop (3) with a wireless signal transmitter (5) connection,
The blade drive assembly (3) for driving the cutting assembly containing one (14) of the motor (31), connecting the motor (31) and a cutting assembly (14) of the lower and upper clutch (18,33) and mounting the motor (31) of the housing (32).
By following the chair foot comprises a foot of a steel pipe after the socket insert and a chair back chair foot insert periphery, an elastic sleeve
A hanging chair lift device (10) which comprises a worm wheel (11), a worm gear (12), the first body (13), a holding unit (14) and a driver (15).
The curved bar holes (14) is provided with at least one bar (11) cross section larger hole, so that the first segment of the struts (11) in the first section is inserted into the hole.
The intraoperative bracket (1) is collapsed and are wrapped in the envelope (10).
The present invention further provides a vaccine comprising a Tat adjuvant, wherein the adjuvant composition Tat can enhance vaccine induced immune responses.
The present invention is simple, fast curing process is made of gel, the gel pad is flat.
Upon completion of the injection needle can be passed through the automatic retraction mechanism to retract the hidden, ensuring that the needle tip 医患 personnel to avoid incurring accidental injury of the soil, the core rod is unable to retain the card basket cannot be reused so that withdrawal of the used syringe was injected,
The present invention provides PRDX2 and/or PRDX6 in preparation for the treatment or prevention of caused by reactive oxygen species (ROS) damage caused by the increase of the disease, aging or use of the pharmaceutical composition.
The adjustment assembly comprises adjusting screws, the first spring, a diaphragm and a second spring,
The struts (11) on the side of the middle section is provided with an annular groove (111).
A is provided with heating means, with a kitchen chopper
A needle can change and is capable of automatically retract can only be used once safety syringe includes an outer jacket, the core rod, dosing needle and syringe needle
A respiratory disease for the pharmaceutical composition and the preparation thereof by the process and use to levodropropizine and carboxymethyl prostacyclin as active ingredient and a pharmaceutical acceptable adjuvant.
An epoxy worm suspending agent and a method for preparing the pteridine
This massage process both use the intelligent technologies, to automatically implement the
The herbal composition can be used for the treatment of a knife, a burn, trauma, burns, etc. more faster onset, 疗程短 can reduce patient suffering.
Quality is good, the yield is high, reducing cost.
The present invention provides a water based epoxy caninum polyethylenimines 环保型 The dosage form, reducing the pollution of the environment, enhances the efficacy of the crop.
Control module connected to the motion sensor to achieve the motion signal acquisition;
The present invention discloses a ecological mobile container which consists predominantly of insulating thermally insulating layer, drainage channels, a reservoir layer, a root layer, the drain filter layer, water delivery pipe, of the girth of the laminate;
The method comprises: setting the developmental and physiological parameter information stored in the infant. acquisition by the control module, the motion signal according to a physiological developmental parameters or motion signal generating drive signals to drive a corresponding rendering device generates a respective rendering.
The ports of the valve seat is located at the lower portion, and said valve seat is located in the lower part of the poppet valve seat with which it is open and close fit;
The surface of the body and/or the strap is provided with at least one light-transmitting bag (1),
The distal bent section (32) by the guide wire (13), whose ends are bent formed into sharp structure;
The position of the lesion in a blood vessel needs only to the end portion of the aortic dissection, on the delivery device to be mounted on a stent was implanted to easily and quickly in the corresponding position of the lesion, including the position of the lesion, the branch vessel
The present invention relates to indole-2,3-dione, improving the sperm disorders, in the manufacture of a medicament,
With a cooking chopper comprises a cup assembly (1), the heat generating components (2) and a blade drive assembly (3),
The shaft assembly is inserted into the seat, a cover plate, a sleeve of the seat ring.
The handle (1) is provided with replaceable color patch, not only is the aesthetic appearance of the handle, and a furniture is more abundant in the overall color.
The diaphragm is reset by a spring in place of the rubber seal, long-term use of reduced pressure can ensure that the high reliability of conventional construction, and eliminates the noise is generated due to the resonance of the disease.
Finally, cell toxicity tests indicated that it was an effective antiviral concentration for substantially non-toxic to the cells.
The photoinitiator was cleavage type photoinitiator or photoinitiator or a cationic initiator.
The guide wire (13) is made of elastomeric material,
The light emitters is integrated with the simple structure of the backpack has both functions of the storage bag is transparent to light, the light emitting member is carried out at a low cost, ease of light rays are relatively dark environment using a display with a backpack.
The front and the rear of the chair foot insert between two longitudinal tubes are provided with a plastic card, plastic seat boards and blocks in said plastic card block.
The present invention provides an electromagnetic proportional valve and the electromagnetic proportional valve comprising a ventilator.
An acousto-optic device comprises a motion sensor, control module and at least one presentation means;
An epoxy water dispersible granule is firefly polyethylenimines and processes for its preparation.
The alarm system (9) provided at the same time to locomotive operating chamber and monitoring the region of a fire.
A dispensing needle shaped with a plastic material can be used, according to needs to be replaced into the injection needle, the needle due to soluble drugs without causing deformation and affecting smoothness and sharpness, thereby adversely affecting injection to humans.
A wireless device, comprising: a basketball basket mounted with (1) of the board (2), induction of the goal induction flip-flop (3) as well as the display 投篮得分 scores of the display (4).
The LED device (3) is connected with a switch (5) and of the LED device (3) for supplying power to the battery (4),
A luminous body is integrated with the backpack with the shoulder strap, the backpack body, comprising
A UV cured gel pad and its production method.
The fire monitoring system (6,7) and the fire extinguishing system is arranged to monitor the region,
The diaphragm inner seal dividing the valve body;
The pericardium needle assembly (10) is carried out in the pericardial when punctured, does not cause damage to the heart.
The reduction in the number of surgical anastomosis, simplifies the procedure, shortens the operation time, reducing the complication of surgery, improves the survival rate of patients improved therapeutic effect, even more effectively reduced the aortic arch part or the like on the wound of a patient suffering from disorders.
The spool assembly comprises a connecting shaft (12) and a collar (13).
The first data communication interface for connection with the terminal device;
The worm gear (11) around a circular plate shape and is provided with a plurality of gear teeth (111), a worm gear (11) is provided with a strand is the center of the disc (112),
The gel pad including a gel pockets (4), in the gel pockets (4) is filled with a gel (5), said gel (5) by the monomer is 5-30%, and the crosslinking agent is 0.01-2%, the photoinitiator is 0.001-2%, water and made via UV curing.
One of the toilet cover snap-fit connection means and fast loading method.
The body (12) is provided on both sides of the central bit is introduced into the basket (13) of the 方导柱 (10).
The signal acquisition module, for measuring a physiological parameter signal and the physiological parameter signals are output to the signal processing module;
A napoleon chair, comprising: a plastic panel, a front chair seat rear foot, a foot, a chair back, the plastic links and 前后脚
A waterproof and breathable sole (1),
The pens of snap engage the reservoir layer laminated to the top of the side frames, forming an open receiving space;
Since the present invention in which an automatic container through the middle of the drip irrigation system (water delivery pipe), may automatically re-hydration.
The LED device (3), a switch (5) and the battery cell (4) form a loop.
The present invention provides a control system and the photon photon treatment, treatment chair
And c. according to the current oxygen concentration values and the preset oxygen proportional valve and the air trim value of the oxygen is a proportional valve.
When used in the present invention without changing the conventional operation of the habit, the convenient and reliable, effect
The surgical operation, the patient's LAA may vary depending on the actual morphology and size selected location area, reduce the risk of surgery.
The driver (15) and a worm gear (12) connected at one end thereof, the driver (15) drives a worm (12) being or reverses, rotate the worm gear (11) and the wire stranding disc (112), or reversing being
The azithromycin of azithromycin form solid dispersion comprises eprosartan is eprosartan and a carrier material, wherein the support material is selected from povidone, poloxomers, polyethylene glycol, hydroxypropyl cellulose, polyethylene oxide.
The epoxy caninum polyethylenimines suspending agent, of the active ingredient is an insect polyethylenimines by adding wetting, dispersing agent, a thickening agent, an antifreezing agent, a pH adjusting agent, preservative, antifoam agent, and water, and then in a sand mill sand milled to an average particle size of 2-3 microns, prepared by suspending agent.
The module is connected to each of the rendering device is achieved according to the physiological developmental parameters or motion signal drives the rendering device.
Using the present method, without the need of a blood pressure monitoring equipment pressurized air pump that can be used for the long-term continuous blood pressure monitoring.
The first body (13) at one end with the wire stranding disc (112), and the other end connected to the drop down,
A pericardial needle assembly (10) including a guide wire (13) and the needle (12),
The present invention provides a Tat adjuvant which contains: (a) contain encoded HIVTat or a fragment or variant of the nucleotide sequence of plasmid, or (b) HIVTat or a fragment or variant thereof.
In correspondence with the connecting shaft sockets (122) has a collar (13) is provided on the receptacle along a circumferential arc of the nipple hole (14).
The injection is at ambient temperature, a saturated solution of phenol was diluted into saline.
The present invention provides (2 E, 6 E) -2,6-bis (2- (trifluoromethyl) benzylidene) cyclohexanone or a pharmaceutically acceptable salt thereof in the manufacture of for the treatment or prevention of a heart disease, renal disease, or drug, or to improve the symptoms of heart disease, renal disease, or the use of an agent.
The receiver will receive the wireless signal is a signal transmission to score the display (4) and is formed by scoring the display (4) shows the shot is a score. Scoring display (4) relative the backboard (2) installed separately.
The present method is employed with existing sphygmomanometer the essential difference of the method: this method is collected in a normal state of the beat signal human body surface artery, and subjecting the beat signal analysis, blood pressure values are calculated.
The connecting shaft (12) is provided with an available base struts (11) is inserted into the receptacle (122).
The suture (11), and the wires (12) are sewn to the envelope (10), and on to the envelope (10) to form a releasable connection;
Cup assembly (1) with the heat generating component (2) cleaning the convenient installation, respectively.
The present invention discloses a blood pressure monitoring method, the method uses a pressure or vibration sensor sensing the body surface of a human artery beating (pressure or vibration), generates a corresponding electrical signal. Through the analysis on the electrical signal is calculated from the blood pressure values.
When the switch (5) in the loop is closed, the light emitted from the LED light source from the bag (1), the light rays to escape in a dark environment is displayed in the backpack and its specific location of the wearer's back.
An azithromycin sartan solid dispersion and a preparation method thereof, and a pharmaceutical composition.
Compared to the prior art, the beneficial effects of the present invention are: real-time monitoring of the gas, the oxygen concentration of the twin closed-loop control of the oxygen concentration of the gas, the oxygen concentration is given set consistent with an oxygen concentration of oxygen, improves the accuracy of the blend is controlled.
The fire monitoring system (6,7), the alarm system (9) and, respectively, the fire extinguishing system to said control system (8) is electrically connected,
The worm gear (12) disposed on the worm gear wheel (11), one side of the
The shaft assembly is inserted into the receiving portion of the seat, a cover plate, the race.
The upper cover attachment portion (01) is mounted on the children of the child lock button (1), of the bolt (2), several locking rod (3) and a key (5).
Discloses a cyclic pitch is inclined with the collective pitch control mechanism.
An intraoperative stent delivery apparatus comprising envelope (10) and is connected with the suture (11), and the wires (12);
The present invention provides a target cells by promoting the uptake of therapeutic agent to increase the efficacy of the method and composition, said composition comprising a lipid raft-film pocket dependant endocytosis pathway modulators, for example, the therapeutic agent is an antineoplastic agent.
The present invention discloses the use of lignosulfonates and pharmaceutical compositions thereof,
The present invention employs guided by the system control and infant autonomously control the implementation can be combined to the infant, the sensation caused abundant, not only is suitable for playing different month old infant an infant, but also advantageously, growing infants can be stimulated by its own hand or foot achieving novelty external experience, promote, enhance mental development in an infant an infant cognitive ability of to the outside world.
The method prevents the 梭梭 genus plant under the high temperature and the like are skin damage caused by stress factor stress and even death.
A ventilator according to the present invention, including an electromagnetic proportional valve described above.
The left atrial appendage occluding device structure is stable, the chamber wall located in the left atrial appendage and good sealing effect, and is easily reproducible orientation before the disengaging of the conveyor, can also be recovered;
The present invention provides a 2- (4-morpholino aniline) -6-cyclohexyl-diaminopurine and its pharmaceutically acceptable salt or derivative thereof, a new applications.
The sole (1) is provided on the upper surface of the corresponding with the annular projection and/or annular recesses in the adaptation of the structure.
Drainage is discharged from the four-sided
The curved bar holes (14) is further provided with a one-to-one struts (11) small cross-section, but greater than the struts (11) an annular recess (111) of the cross section of the second section apertures. The annular groove (111) in the corresponding mating collar (13).
The present invention provides a ventilator gas proportional control method and apparatus,
The handle (1) by means of coupling means to the connection piece (2) is connected,
The score of the display (4) is provided in the received wireless signal transmitter (5) signal, a wireless signal receiver
When the guide wire from the distal end of the inner tube, after entering the guide wire may be not only by the proximal end of the inner tube, but also may be formed out of the side tube passes.
The heat generating component (2) is fixed to the housing (32) to the cup assembly (1) may be connected separately.
The cyclic pitch is inclined with the collective pitch control mechanism that integrates both tilt control mechanism, a servo controller, the motor and reduction means, thereby reducing the space required for the control of the main body, reducing the overall size of the product, increase the applicability.
Cup assembly (1) through a lower portion of the cup holder (16) and the housing (32) connects the upper portion can be isolated. The heat generating component (2) is located in the thermally conductive bottom (15) below, and
The cover plate to rotate about the shaft assembly rotates open the cover or race.
The device structure is simple, low cost, ease of operation.
Adjustment screw for adjusting the pretensioning force of the first spring;
And intelligent technologies, to facilitate remote direct treatment.
It is applied to the treatment chair photons also make it more convenient to use treatment chair photons, using suitable for a variety of population.
The guide wire (13) in the needle (12) extends; within the guide wire (13) includes a distal bent section (32) and a proximal straight segment,
The invention further relates to screening for anti-tumor drug synergistic lipid raft-film pocket dependant endocytosis pathway modulators method.
Since the present invention the pressure and the compression spring collar rebound on live lever, are closer, more reasonable structural design is suitable for producing pipeline automatic assembly production,
An electromagnetic proportional valve according to the present invention can be effectively avoided due to the flow control, the frictional forces to overcome the instability of the flow control of the hysteretic error, for both the small flow stability control, reduce the machining difficulty of manufacture.
A food processor with a safety guard is provided with a power unit, comprising a base (3),
A base (30) is a stem (11).
The present invention has an auto-off protection function, food being effective to prevent splashing, avoiding inadvertent operation of the food processor components when damage, while a simple structure and manufacturing convenience, suitable for large scale production.
Even simpler structure, to improve the production efficiency, reducing the production costs.
The water delivery pipe along the side frame on two opposing corners of the through-hole penetrates into the side frame.
To achieve a truly disposable syringe using a blood-borne diseases, avoid cross propagation.
The connecting mechanism comprises a seat, a cover plate bushing sleeve and a spindle assembly.
The handle (202) with a spring member for rotation of the enable input connection; spindle assembly with the rotational energy of the spring member is connected to the output terminal; gear set component is connected to the main shaft part.
Thus not only have coaxial delivery and release device, and further has the advantage of rapid exchange delivery and release of the advantages of the device, and may also be required, depending on the actual situation in rapidly switching between the two forms, saving the time of surgery, surgery while enhancing the success rate.
The crosslinking agent is a non-conjugated double bonds with a compound as polyols, such as glycerin, Ν Ν '-methylenebis acrylamide.
The connection block (2) is provided with a first screw holes (3).
The base (3) is provided with a cutting tool provided with a cup body (2),
The waterproofing chamfer (6) is a flat surface or a lower surface is provided with at least one ring of annular projections and/or annular groove,
The user may directly using the measuring device of the present invention, there is no need for measuring a physiological parameter measuring instrument equipped with a professional, need only be used with the present invention over time of the measurement device and binds a variety of terminal device carrying a 随时随地 can be achieved for physiological parameter measurement.
The first spring passes through the membrane sheet to the spool applies downward, and the second spring pre-tensioning force on the spool, the pretension force is applied upward
Summary The present invention discloses a controlled by the infant an acousto-optic device and a control method thereof,
A multiple function combination of tab includes a handle (1) and the connection block (2),
At the distal end of the guide wire to the curved portion (32) from the tip starts at not more than 3 mm of length range, the tip is rotated through an angle of at least 90 degrees.
The wireless basketball means a simple installation, ease of use.
Ease of use, is simple and safe;
Water is introduced into the controller automatically bagged in accordance with water in the weight change of the mechanical phenomenon that occurs, the smart combination, the conventional technique of numerous to water program simplified to just cover open and lowering action of everyday.
Holding unit (14) is provided to the first body (13), with the other end of the seat (20) binding,
Wherein the lignin sulfonates having a strong in vitro anti-HIV-1 activity,
The combined formulation synergistically to protect nervous system from the multiple targets, prevention and amelioration of Alzheimer's disease.
A 烧烤炉 (10) and a grill rotator (200). Wherein the grilling rotator (200) comprising: a handle (202), is used for the storage of rotational energy balance spring member, a shaft member and the rotational speed of the spindle assembly for controlling the gear set of components;
In the present invention, the user based on the information acquisition unit acquires acupuncture points of the human body with the treatment device relative to the position information, the human-computer interaction unit operations, and issues a control signal to the drive means drives the photon electrocautery head reaches meridian points, and performs massage, treatment,
The snap-fit connection means comprises a seat, a cover receiving portion, the receiving portion and a spindle assembly.
A vehicle automatic fire extinguishing apparatus includes a control system (8), fire monitoring system (6,7), an alarm system (9) and a fire suppression system,
Thus the user can be mounted in any selected prior to or after installation of the handle (1) toward the front and rear side.
A plurality of planting containers are linked together in the form of combinations can be implemented into a tablet.
In addition, the experimental results indicate that cell fusion with the lignosulfonate to inhibit HIV-1 viral envelope protein mediates the effect of a fusion process.
The method comprises:
The worm screw (12) has a circular cylindrical shape, the worm screw (12) has a peripheral edge provided with threads (121) corresponding to each cog (111),
The light permeable bag (1) is internally provided with an LED device (3),
The interactive electronic toy building system
Highly stable non-ionic N-vinyl butyrolactam iodine solution and related method of formulating
A packet that facilitate the coffee machine
A pet diet bowl
A functional beverage is a drinking device with
The cradle to swing
A wireless device a basketball
For a steam heating of the food processor of the multifunctional food container mechanism
A respiratory device blocks of monitoring method and apparatus
Epoxy caninum polyethylenimines and processes for making the wettable powder
Flow control methods, devices, and ventilator
A method for the treatment of an infection with HPV drug and the drug in the preparation of a medicament for the treatment of HPV infection using
Hepatocyte nuclear factor la treatment of chronic liver disease and methods of use of
The amount of displacement sensing apparatus, method and radiation treatment auxiliary system
Winter 苦丁茶 青叶 extraction method, total saponin and their use
A band of illumination lamps nail clipper
A food conditioning method
A stable continuous process for the preparation of vitamin A microcapsule
The storage device having a multi-purpose suction electronic aerosol generator
An RFID application of an appliance in the conditioning
A combination of anti-TB oral solid dosage formulations and methods of preparing
Malt soda mannosidase, and methods for their preparation and the preparation device
For polycystic ovary syndrome herbal compositions and use of
In a Cistanche and semidesert environment is increased in live 梭梭 genus plant seedlings were transplanted shoots and viability of the method
Convenient replacement and adjustment of the shoe from
The punch is used for radial sealing apparatus and general type piercer
To prevent the filtered liquid drop spraying method of cards and 插卡式 liquid purification filter device
A blood pressure monitoring method
The crawler exercise machine
A paper cup and its manufacturing process
The measurement device
One containing the recombinant human albumin nanoparticle formulations of lyophilized powder
The A-volatile carbon-5a-androstane compound in the preparation of a medicament for use in the anti- malignancy
The getter trigger control method and apparatus, a ventilator
Drugs in the treatment of renal disease and heart diseases and the use thereof,
Based on the device management system is a negative pressure of wound treatment system
The elevator button disinfecting means
Tool powered light emitting building and construction of the power supply stand
Chloasma treatment a pharmaceutical composition and a method for preparing
Apparatus and method to automatically control the swing at
A 气垫鞋 and for making a shoe sole air cushion 气垫鞋
The remote control model helicopters transmitter assembly holder of the rocker controller
Several pharmaceutical formulation
One containing the echinocandin antifungal agent class micafungin liquid pharmaceutical compositions of the
情趣用品
For surgical robotic surgical cavity mirrors and a multiple degree of freedom hemostatic cutting tool
Stereoscopic body sanitary napkin
Artificial bite of the blanket, a preparation method and use
Catch closed necklace
Modular 温室设备
A convenient method of producing cuisine
A corn seed directional interpolation means
All metal joint head and the cup cup surface plated with a carbon/carbon: titanium carbide nm multilayer film
The integration of the shoe chest can be quick-disconnect
The herbal treated cow mastitis and methods of making the perfusate
Straight seam cuts is
Ecological mobile container
Swing exercise multifunctional 高楼 escape apparatus
The seat removably pottee feet and seat of the pottee feet having
Bilayer tadpole shaped zipper teeth and the zipper slide
A hand washing the membrane with a paper handkerchief and processes
Cyclic pitch is inclined with the collective pitch control mechanism
A magnetoresistive Mooney pneumatic impact needleless syringe
The onboard the disinfecting device
An operation of the locking device from the metal foils self locking bracket
A hand-held cutting machine
Electric pruning machine
Sliding shoe
A/slope determination method by using the image recognition of the electronic sphygmomanometer
A class of compounds and their anti-tumoral use cardiac glycoside
Poly (4-styrenesulfonic acid-co maleic acid) sodium salt, and their pharmaceutical use of the composition
Chloroquine and doxorubicin liposomes and methods of preparing 共载
An automatic fire extinguishing device locomotive
A liquid smoke hash family hemorrhoids 种金玄 washing process for the preparation of herbal drug extract
A protein or polypeptide comprising an oral formulation, a preparation method and use
A novel paner
The problem arises with the break-away rotating mop bucket
Treadmill anti-fall protection
A flat mouth, side hole tracheal catheter and a core
A massaging device based on an automatic massage method, system and massaging device
One can change the center of gravity of the cue stick
Electronic jump rope structures and their game system
Power generation is rowing exercise
The collecting means and the collection device having a vacuum cleaner
The reusable coffee capsule shell, coffee capsules and the brewing apparatus
A game exercise device
The remote control, and a magnetic contact charging vibration massaging apparatus, a remote control transmitter and the charger
Amps 朋 composition which can be
The hanging chair lift
A UV sterilizer in the shoe
荔枝核 saponin extraction process
A photonic therapy control system and photons treatment chair
The suspension fixture with the muscles of the prosthesis to be implanted into the human body, and the manufacturing method
The radial artery puncture hemostatic paddle
Color Doppler ultrasound scanning function having a gallbladder mirror system
Moving the crane counterweight detection means comprises: a pressure sensing means for sensing the pressure in the ram weight information, and the controller (16) for determining the weight information, according to the pressure cylinder corresponding active weight by weight.
The dust collecting unit (2) is formed by a dust can be charged plate (21) made by a semi-enclosed dust collecting box, the dust collecting box having an air opening (23) and air outlet (24).
Generated by the fan of the intake air guide belt negative (positive) electrical air heterogeneous particles in the labyrinth semi-enclosed one-way air flow path (12) with multiple collisions in the positive (negative) voltage is in a dust collecting plate (21) and for mass inertial motion and random diffusion movement to be adsorbed on the dust collecting plate (21).
Thus, the printing speed is fast and each layer is formed in a layer-wise Braille dot size is reduced, so that the print surface of braille touch is relatively smooth, enhances the comfort.
The present invention also discloses a torque limiter comprising said three-dimensional crane.
The machine structure is simple, and ease of carrying, made using and low cost.
The chip bumps of dipping the feedblock, the same is accomplished in a dip coating material feeding means to provide a different depth was dip coated with surface mounted electronic products and meets the required in many different depth requirements of dip coating, while enhancing the dipping agents (25) update rate, a valid addresses the dipping agents (25) is readily volatilized, dries problems.
The reservoir is provided in the bottom of the isolation chamber;
Since the composite decarburization was used, both improved mixing of the solvent to the carbon dioxide absorption capacity, purifying the degree and rate of desorption, enlarging the reaction temperature range the desorption tower, and reduces the power consumption is greatly reduced in volume, is regenerated, reduced capital investment and operating costs.
The present invention generally have a three-dimensional torque limiter in addition to the function of a torque limiter, further has an omnidirectional, outside the stereochemical and real time display functions of a crane operating status,
The present invention also provides a process for the preparation of board material functionality.
Also disclosed is a including the plug telescoping arms of the telescoping arm crane.
Further, the opening device is provided with a piercing
Discloses a crane counterweight activities of the detecting means and method.
Employing a novel anti-Thermotoga 死制动 device to replace a conventional antilocking braking means, the structure is simple, low cost, the better the antilock effect;
The catalyst for the wire mesh is a framework, the wire mesh surface coated with a washcoat loading, the carrier coating surface active ingredient and formulation auxiliaries.
A 泵车 and jib safety rotation range of the feedback system, a method is provided.
The invention can be used in the commercial production of ethylene glycol.
A cargo access to the locking means for engaging mechanism (10) of the cargo is stored in the warehouse fixedly connected and locked in the locked and the unlocked warehouse, which includes a cargo locking linkage.
The boom structure by minimising the boom assembly, disassembly, plays a arm and discharge arm, reduces the space required for a time and to facilitate operation of the above operational cost savings.
The conduit is provided with a cooler, and receiver associated with said sink.
The continuous hydrolysis tank may implement a continuous, automated feed and tapping.
The bottom of the absorption column are respectively disposed above and the sink connected to the water tube;
An electric car energy utilization is high.
This structure is disposed inside the tube in a bicycle forks of a pad, a mating groove and a cover plate, after increasing the faucet support tube in the front fork tube tamping of the frictional force of the faucet support tube and the front head tube overcomes the gap of the foldable bicycle tap to produce a rocking motion of a phenomenon.
The detection system (01) for the test article is performed after a six-point non-dihedral information collection, the synthesized, analysis, judged to the control system, the PLC turn-key tank (29), the program-controlled operating instructions given powertrain system (05) to achieve a fully automated feed, detection, and job classification, etc.;
The present invention is carried out by using the microwave frequency band signals of the inner and outer plexiform relay having a channel stable, communication capacity big advantage; since the system is enclosed within a bounded 高速铁路 implemented within the building, having high reliability, versatility is less expensive cost advantage is good, and the like.
The method places the crane hook angle with the dynamic load dynamic transmission, shown in an operating room, in cooperation with the party crane boom crane lifted to circumvent the meta-material of load does not change with a vertical lift risk.
The battery tray disposed on the Y axis dual-rail rack, and mates with the R axis drive motor (15) connection.
The beneficial effects of the present invention is able to control the extent of diffusion of hydrogen fluoride, if too large, the pressure within the reactor is run out with hydrogen fluoride can be controlled within the isolation chamber, as not to allow the gas to escape to prevent pollution of the environment. And can also reflect escaped hydrogen fluoride gas is effectively recycled.
This electric automobile battery box replacement apparatus is able to facilitate rapid completion of the electric vehicle battery replacement of the tank, so that the electric vehicle does not need to wait for the charging, saving time and improve the working efficiency.
The present invention provides a process for the preparation of a non-uniform dielectric constant dielectric substrate method
In the prior art are solved by the high sulphur tolerance of the desulfurizing agent of the present binder content is high, the water resistance is poor, the problem of poor diffusion properties, provides a preparation method of the high sulphur tolerance of the desulfurizing agent, able to prepare a binder content is relatively low, the water resistance is good, diffusibility better high sulphur tolerance of the desulfurizing agent.
A preservation of the volatile liquid, including the vial with the body of the bottle and the bottle body threaded connection of the lid body (105),
The cargo locking device structure, access to the accurate fit neatly with higher reliability, and have good promise.
The device uses a plurality of print modules constituting the Braille print data is printed, respectively, a plurality of patterned layers and each layer superimposed on the same position on the print medium to give the desired height, a Braille
To increase or decrease the power level, to change the transmission ratio of the multilevel drive handle the same applied force can be obtained in the case where the binding force of different sizes.
Snap engagement in a cavity of an automobile 钣金, vibration damping layer is affixed in the cavity, the cavity on 钣金 barrier member via electrophoretic baked, the foamed material layer foamable sealing barrier enhancement layer is foamed, automotive cavity after the cavity on the snug fit of the 钣金.
Using the digitally controlled punch dies may be in the upper die punch cutting edge is worn, quickly adjusting the projected length of the punch, the extended service life of the punch.
Processing device and method of the present invention, the liquid with negative ions, and processing time can be reduced; device is simplified and the manufacturing cost is reduced.
A fully automated quality tested for bearing of the bearing detection classifier, comprising: a detection system (01), a control system (02), a feeding system (03), classification system (04) and power system (05);
The lifting and lowering the port plate is provided on the lifter on the two side panels;
The present invention satisfies both of the vehicle in the various conditions the brake requirements, which can in turn 保证车辆 trim of the vehicle is running and the smoothness of the brake, and to enable the braking energy is most effectively increase the recovery of energy, the efficiency of use of the whole vehicle.
The camera is disposed outside the cockpit
The free end of the lock link lever can project into the lock grooves of the cargo is completed to lock the free end of the lock link lever may also be accomplished from sliding out of the cargo locking slot is unlocked.
The clamping device to cause the resin lens molding process ease province, time test.
In this workpiece support height in the switching position of the carrying the trolley (1) adjacent to the path of travel is provided on the carrying can be such that the trolley (1) of the power source running synchronously with the cart (52),
A cylindrical neck (113) to the side of the ring set rib (112),
Can be solved by the present invention, the change in the prior art when the printed medium is marked on the print medium, a determination is made as to require frequent problem of threshold check is performed, which in turn can improve the efficiency of the print media flag is judged.
In the warehouse is provided with the free end of the lock link lever of the cooperating locking groove,
The present invention discloses a pure electric vehicle braking energy feedback control method and system of the present invention, with a possible to employ electrical braking and mechanical braking, two types of bonding is by electrical braking control motor is operating in the power generation state, the mechanical braking is achieved by an electronic braking system to implement.
This design eliminates the whole of the conventional transmission systems, but also eliminates the drivetrain own power losses, and frees up much space; an electric vehicle front wheels (102), the rear wheel (103) is employed for both the power from the drive wheel can be implemented fully automatic driving;
Due to the negative ion concentration is high, plus a far infrared ray carrying effects, can be advantageously used for the minus ions is infiltrated into the liquid, the liquid changes in performance.
The bottle body comprises a cylindrical neck (113) and a conical body portion (101),
Due to the handle using multilevel drive, of applying a small force is converted via multiple times, resulting in the bundling strap can give a substantial binding force
The substrate (107) is provided on the brush head (106) connected to the bleed orifice (108),
The present invention is solved by the scheme described above, leading to misinterpretation of marshalling due to operator error problem, the extremely high accuracy and security of the train schedule.
The plug telescoping arms enabling the simplification of the construction of the cylinder head telescoping cylinder, thereby enabling the simplification of the process.
Head (110) is perforated with a liquid outflow opening (109),
The inventive concept is manipulated, a simplified process, enhances the adhesion strength, the production cost is reduced, the environment, and is very suitable for large scale deployment.
The elevator is provided with free of a workpiece support station (2) and its lifting drive means (3) the carrying of the trolley (1) is provided in the path of travel of the workpiece support height switching position (Cl, C2, El, E2),
The lid body (105) of the end portion closely abuts against the shoulder (103),
Control unit of the whole vehicle braking energy, feedback control system core of the whole vehicle control unit, the control unit is adapted to calculate a desired electrical^^ braking torque and the electronic brake system, and the required braking force, respectively, to the motor controller control circuit and the electronic braking system to transmit control commands.
Head (110) is disposed on a substrate (107), and towards the top of the seal film (102), the one side
The power from the drive wheel clutch design is simple, low cost, the better the performance.
The present invention relates to an oxalic acid alkyl ester with ethylene glycol hydroprocessed synthetic composite and a method for preparing a supported catalyst is
The legs (104) is provided with ribs (112) to match the cards (111).
Above the isolation chamber is provided with at least two mutually connected in series with the pipe absorber tower;
The entire cavity barrier structure is simple, versatility strong, and dampening noise reduction effect is evident.
The coated according to the invention during the preparation of the cobalt powder is contaminant-free and ready commercial processes.
The tire increases the driving of a tyre in dry and wet 操控性, increasing the stability of the traveling with the road surface, increasing the riding comfort, the travel on the road surface exhibiting complete laying a good performance.
Pressing the locking hook head and shank transition step, is provided between the radially inner end of which is fixed by a hook and pin (4), a striking head with the hooking pin is provided with corresponding grooves;
Pulsed current generator (4) To a solution of 外转式 vehicular drive motor (2), the intensity output pulse current 由小到大, frequency from slow to fast produces counter-directed magnetic fields and the brake.
The invention relates to a cockpit field safety auxiliary device, comprising a camera, a display screen, and a host,
Using the same polarity as the repelling magnets produced water distribution plate, and an offset angle is created with the mating teeth block to switch the cyanobacteria. The entire mechanism is of simple construction for single handed hand portable switching.
This is a method of making a desulfurizing agent, based on the total mass of the desulfurizing agent cue ball of 0.98% amorphous iron oxy-hydroxide -9.03%, based on the total mass of the desulfurizing agent 90.29% -98.62% organic binder, based on the total mass of the desulfurizing agent of 0.58% -0.89%.
Quick change robot comprises a battery tray (9) and four degrees of freedom of a Cartesian robot.
Pierce the activating device includes a substrate (107), at least two of the head (110), a brush head (106) and two support legs (104),
A three-dimensional torque limiter of the crane, comprising interconnected display module (1), a storage module (2), the calculation control module (3) and a detection module (4),
A cylindrical neck (113) location of the mouth of the potting seal film (102),
In the carrying the trolley (1) with the power source with the cart (52) is a synchronous operation state is provided with mutually interacting with attached actuated shaft (22) with a drive shaft (58) of the excised dancing means (61).
There is provided a is as defined in formula (I) the betaine-type surfactant as well as their production and use.
When the aircraft is on the sea after wrecking, said device being capable of controlling the black box, and easy to find the whereabouts of the black box.
The brush head (106) is disposed on a substrate (107), and towards the other side of the lid body (105), one side
According to the present system can be a different floor space, implementing different legs are unfolded state, it is possible to fully utilize the floor space can be spread out, and in addition to the existing 0-120 ° and 0-360 ° rotation range other than a more secure.
A driving power of the motor vehicle 外转式 antilock brake device comprising a power source (3), a pulsed current generator (4).
A labyrinth dust collecting box comprises a dust collecting unit (2).
The display screen is located inside the inner side faces of the uprights, cockpit
The power of the drive motor vehicle 外转式 antilock brake means can prevent the locked phenomenon occurs so that the antilock device realizes the electrification.
The dust collecting box on at least three sides is positive (negative) voltage is in a dust collecting plate (21).
Such a personalized design allows the operator to better visually observed at the current operating state of the crane, to improve the working efficiency.
There is provided a CO coupling reaction for the synthesis of the catalyst oxalic acid esters and their preparation.
Striking head with the punch body is provided between the cylinder (5);
The detection device can be accomplished with a method of automatically determining the counterweight cylinder corresponding active weight by weight, facilitates the loading conditions are automatically selected.
Embodiments of the present invention there is provided a method of controlling the train schedule and an apparatus therefor, the art related to the train schedule
Each drive motor are connected with the respective encoder (25), each encoder is connected to a corresponding driver (18) connection.
Discloses a variation on a rectangular coordinate system of the robot is motorized passenger vehicle chassis battery quick change system comprising power-toggle platform (1), power-toggle platform and a quick change robot (3) and a cradle (4) on the same straight line.
The present invention produces comprising EVOH et al. the polar material is a multi-layer coextruded film can be avoided when burned, burnt phenomenon, and the overall height is small, short flow paths.
In the battery tray on which is provided a ranging sensor (19), in each of the dual-rail rack ends thereof are provided with respective limit switches (24).
The electric lock device can be unlocked by manually and electric manner, a simple installation, ease of use.
The battery box push-pull mechanism (500) by accessing units (540) to the electric vehicle battery case is completed and the connection of the separation can be achieved, and the electric vehicle battery box along said abutting means (400) pushing and pulling motion.
The fabrication process of the present invention 护卡膜 surface has an identifiable pattern identification, while this identification in a subsequent too plasticizing process will automatically disappear, does not affect the final product appearance.
An aircraft recorder subsea search apparatus and method, the
By means of the present invention, an acceleration sensor, and a microwave sensor and image capture device implemented jointly for carrying the close to the automobile's face information of the image data acquisition, storage and transmission security.
The use of bearing detection of a fully automated classifier 质检 ensure the quality of the product, and the operating efficiency, conserving human resources, reducing the production cost of the enterprise, and overcomes the conventional instrument and artificial inevitably cause hearing test product quality of the error varies from person to person.
In the carrying the trolley (1) is provided in the lifting drive means (3) has a drive shaft (43) phase dancing linked actuated shaft (22), and when this actuated shaft (22), when not receiving a return force prevents the workpiece support platform (2) drops of a locking means (23),
The two support legs (104) disposed on the substrate (107), and both sides of the substrate (107), the vertically connected
In the inlet air opening (23) and air outlet (24) is provided with air, respectively, at the ionization generator (3) discharge of the transmitting end (31) and a fan (4).
Striking head is provided with a stepped bore radially stepped bore, which are provided with a pressing the locking hook (2), between the stepped bore and pressed between the locking hook is provided with a return spring (3);
The ejection sleeve device (2) is provided with a third spring on one side with the fourth spring; said third spring for use with the fourth spring when said first automatic locking (9) is opened, the first bay door (3) is disengaged from the ejection sleeve device (2).
Discloses a Braille inkjet printing apparatus and printing methods.
The vial may ease of use, the structure is simple, easy to carry, good sealing properties, use of contamination.
The present invention provides a safe and anhydrous hydrogen fluoride produced zero contamination recovery system, comprising: an insulated chamber, generating a pool reactor, and hydrogen fluoride;
The lid body (105) is screwed to the threaded bottle body,
Each of the drive motor drive, the respective limit switches, a ranging sensor is connected to the control system.
The machine is not only contains the basic printing functions, may also be implemented in a stand-alone relief, die cutting, bronzing, flash powder, flocked, embossing, scoring, cutting, etc. a variety of functions.
The present invention has a machine two energy, simple to operate et al. advantages of the device is greatly simplifies the institution, the savings in equipment using a steel, reducing the cost of manufacture of the device, the device is operated while also reducing the energy consumption. Also disclosed are aligned with extended capabilities of the compression wheel steel straightening method.
The luggage trolley in the road surface by various tilt, pothole, by operation of the load platform can be always kept horizontal, with very reliable stability.
In addition, the present system also has a visual interface, to facilitate visualization operation et al. advantages.
The drum scroll machine can enable the drive means is not in direct contact with the material, to improve the working environment 卸船机, increasing the efficiency of operation.
The vehicle in the normal running, the driver can vary according to the road condition over time while active flip shield (11), so that after can protect the lower guard (1) will not be damaged by means of the vehicle, to improve performance.
The wheel through a wheel bracket mounted to said main frame, which is below the axle assembly and the wheel connected to the lower end of the shelf further includes the main frame is located at the center of the axis of rotation, the upper end of the wheel frame by said rotating shaft is rotatably connected with the main frame.
The liquid flows out of the hole (109) and the bleed orifice (108), communication
The power supply (3) by means of a pulsed current generator (4) with 外转式 vehicular drive motor (2) is electrically connected,
The guide further comprising: driving the elevator lift plate; a first drive means for the hinged side between the two channels, switching between the two side channels for the commutation of the drive member, and said diverter element is rotated by a second drive means.
The device has a damping effect, good cleaning efficiency is good, energy conservation, driving safety, the advantage of low cost, ease of operation, suitable for a variety of vehicle.
The power source cart (52) is provided in the effector transferring rotational force to the shaft (22) of the drive shaft (58) and the drive shaft of a rotary drive power source (59),
The upper ends of the reactor are provided respectively for the absorption of hydrogen fluoride gas absorption of the cover;
There is provided a coating of a cobalt and methods for their preparation. The cladding is coated by a cobalt in the cobalt and cobalt outer surface of paraffin wax, polyethylene glycol or a polyethylene composition.
An automotive cavity barrier members and methods of use thereof,
A digitally controlled punch dies upper die including the strike head (1), a striking head is fixedly connected with the adjustment sleeve (7) and the punch body (6),
Discloses a crane boom arm and its structure and function.
The lifting arm bracket system precision is achieved, the most simple and convenient to assemble the lifting apparatus capable of implementing a continuously varying amplitude of the lifting, to achieve an accurate positioning of the hoist weights.
The 油箱盖 fuel evaporation gas can be prevented from being discharged directly into the atmosphere.
A band power from the drive wheel of the motor car includes a power source, the controller, the power from the drive wheel;
The sound insulating composite structure
The determination of print media marking method and device, a printing device
A sealed container bottom flash vacuum into the powder means
A safety shield having a saw
A rapid mix reactor and its applications
The anchoring gum duplex packaging structure
Porous discharge structure
A composite mill
Large 工矿 assembled device is predisposed to be moved into position, the lifting device
A control odometry data by a method and system for battery replacement
An anhydrous hydrogen fluoride to safely produce zero contamination recovery system
Domestic waste disposer
The passenger carrying system based on the highway
Waste plastics film extruder
A packaging container with a method of manufacturing the laminated packaging material
A liquid is poured out of the container can be quantitatively
A highly efficient continuous mixer
An exhaust gas generated by the combustion system of the denitrification process and apparatus thereof
Multi-function 花洒 effluent changeover mechanism
The drill dust shield
Splicing 花洒
With the guide flap delivery
For interfacing with the locating means of the wing shaft
The transfer of a vertical guide rail print machine output dispensing devices are automatically
The safety catch for emulsion pump
An elevator hall door abnormal opening smart alarm system and an elevator hall door open the abnormal detection method
Irregular mass quantitative 罐装机 and quantitative potting method
A composite reamer
One common gasoline engine 油箱盖
One solution to the liquid-liquid phase continuous countercurrent extraction apparatus and methods using
A pressure vessel body burning, non-orthogonal large nipple hole device of
Capillary copper aluminum bonding method for preparation of a linker of formula copper and aluminium capillary end of the socket.
Dry granulator for a gas liquid auxiliary support means
Stover was centrifuged for positioning the extruder
A hand-held electric gun
Betaine surfactants, their preparation and use
The alignment of the extended functions having pressed the wheel steel straightening method and 调直机
It is possible to prevent a dithered steel bucket refresh processing means
A balanced formula fourgon
Steel wire rope pretensioning apparatus
Centrifuged oil cleaning machine
The magnetically differential electro permanent magnetic chuck
The ultrasonic treatment device
A particulate organic contaminants contained in the process for the treatment of persistent
Superimposed multilayer coextrusion die
Five-point harness and seatbelt unlock mechanism
A leak check valve receptacle
The elevator brake PWM control circuit
The liquid the activation treatment device and processing method
A movable vehicle on-board power battery quick change system
For animal training system memory biomimetic of the murine mobile structure
The heavy machinery with wheels
A method, device, and electrical shock to the anti-shock device having a work machine
Apparatus for chemical mechanical polishing of the wafer exchange device
The flue gas to carbon dioxide capture system micro cyclone purification method and apparatus
Large break-away non-coaxial vehicle brake system and its braking method
A rapid cooling of the weld joint, air-cooled device and its method of use
The track with crane installation moment control methods, devices, and track the crane
The filter element rapid exchange device
A biochemical isolation procedure for an expanded bed chromatography column and process flow
For printing a flexographic printing process from the perspective of a painting
CTCS-level 3 column controlled on-vehicle device
The motorized passenger vehicle based on Cartesian robot battery quick change system chassis
The buoy rolling purge air device
An orbital autonomous robot
No casting machine
Using a stowage bin mailing, mailing and registered mail method takes a stowage bin
Insulating ratchet wrench
A continuous stirred barrier earth stock blend preparation system and a control method
Double injection molded housing and their method of preparation, appliance
A vehicle recovery process of the pharmaceutical industry
Compression of the thermal regeneration using compressed gas sorption drying processes and apparatus
The detachable means for 花洒
The high selectivity from synthesis gas production of high quality gasoline fraction and a method for preparing a catalyst
An oxidizing cyclohexane to cyclohexane oxidation of an apparatus and a method of
Pushchair backrest commutation structure
Resistance welding horn parallel electrode
The reciprocating cutting tool
The self-compensating floating swing arm independent suspension
A PT/graphene catalysts and their preparation and use
Ultralight numerically controlled milling machine
A 种碎枝 machine
A rigid mining the elevator guide rails and their arrangement
A system for an aircraft, the dried within
A portable splicing rail clamp and docking method and frock
A multifunctional refused of a reverse osmosis membrane off-line cleaning, repair device
The V-shaped surface copper aluminum bonding process and power cables with a weld joint
Consumable chip and its data read/write method, a consumable container
An anti-clogging of the pipette tip
Lightweight gantry numerically controlled milling machine
Superordinate machine (computer) is able to convert all the magnesium while the bath level is displayed on a panel, the bath level is accomplished for all of the magnesium is a centralized monitoring. The bath level magnesium is manually controlled manually changed to automatically control the human operator is that it can reduce the field size.
The electrolysis apparatus embodying the present invention, it is possible to increase the effective tank space utilization, aluminum electrolysis cell busbars, and greatly reduced 厂地 investment.
The antibodies of the invention can be used for the detection, diagnosis, prevention and treatment of the target cells for the CD4 cell diseases, in particular of the human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) AIDS caused by viruses.
The material of the present invention was prepared using the method and a meta-material, may be on the permittivity and permeability of the material were arbitrarily design having a wide range of materials, selective, thereby greatly extends the range of meta-material function application.
The present invention discloses a particle size of 2-4 nm of a Y-type oxytitanium phthalocyanine nanoparticles and methods for their preparation and use.
AdIl-5 vector has a stronger than the wild-type AdIl, tumor lytic effect is enhanced by the ability to kill tumor cells.
The AdIl-5ETel-GFP construction can be used in the treatment of tumors or detection of circulation in the blood, tumor cells may be specific, sensitive, economical for circulation of the blood in the detection of the tumor cells.
By the above configuration of an automobile manufacture a feedstock with high damping rubber vibration damping product having excellent heat and oxygen, the aging behavior, and have a high damping properties.
The aeration 增氧机 can automatically create negative pressure, the external oxygen into the sufficiently mixed with water to form a small oxygen bubbles and to the surrounding a larger area of the throw.
The present invention discloses one such as urea compounds of the Formula I, or a pharmaceutically acceptable salt, polymorph, solvate, or stereoisomer thereof; and methods for their preparation, intermediates thereof and the use thereof.
This class of compounds in the tumor of drug treatment, has an excellent therapeutic potential.
The new crystal form is stable, crystal type good purity and good reproducibility, processes for the preparation thereof is liable to be enlarged in stability and solubility, more superior to prior reports on most of the crystalline form.
The present invention discloses a is separated from the phosphorite, rare earth method from the rare earth phosphorite belonging to the separation in the field of rare earth.
(c) Is coupled to the first reactor and the second reactor pipe;
The invention relates to a base 联合制 big loop process, the process comprising:
The modifier composition of the present invention in reducing residual solvent polyolefin flexible packaging film performance is significantly improved.
For the present invention obtained by the oxidation products of cyclohexanol catalytic dehydrogenation is performed such that the cyclohexanol completely or substantially completely converted into cyclohexanone, nearly all of the final product obtained is cyclohexanone and cyclohexanone are significantly improved the selectivity and yield.
The invention derivatives of artemisinin, arteether yl amine and its pharmaceutically acceptable salts can be used for the preparation of a medicament to treat leukemia, in particular for the manufacture of a medicament to treat acute leukemia, more in particular for the preparation for the treatment of acute myelocytic leukemia of a drug.
The present invention relates to the field of electrolytic magnesium chloride, specifically discloses a magnesium chloride electrolysis apparatus comprises magnesium chloride, magnesium chloride, electrolytic cell in a single stack electrolyser cathode (2) and the anode (3) is formed between the electrolysis chamber intermediate distance for insertion of one or more carbonaceous independent electrode (4).
The cyclonic bed powder coal gasification method and system has the structure and the process is simple and inexpensive to produce, greater throughput advantage of raw coals.
C. By cleavage of the reaction and work-up, the target peptide chain and amino acid resin and all of the side chain protecting groups of the subject peptides separated to afford the crude product. The present invention is advantageous for process control and enlarged; raw material sources, the post-processing method is simple and stable.
4) Directionally solidified, the bottom of the crucible, the crystalline orientation of the cold end of a single crystal of unmelted silicon melt is solidified portion of the induction of growth, to give a crystalline orientation of the single crystal silicon ingot.
The present invention can reduce the power consumption, the increasing heating efficiency, having a hygroscopic functional; avoid blockage, spray gun with an automated material function, increasing the coating efficiency is achieved, is an important guaranteed water-based coating process.
The present invention employs the magnesium can be automatic control means, the bath level while the bath level for a plurality of magnesium, magnesium automatically controls the bath level control accuracy can be increased, thereby increasing the current efficiency, reduced power consumption in the metallic magnesium.
The present invention reduces discarded due to environmental pollution due to non-degradable plastic is achieved also make full use of the resource.
Ink flows through the ink jet printer is sprayed onto a metal substrate surface to form a print pattern, the curing process can be directly after the printing machine, reducing the chemical contamination and to a post-treatment process, a printing plate printed resistant force of up to 10 million print resolution up to 1751 pi.
The present invention also relates to a packaging comprising: a polyolefin, the polyolefin resin; and the polyolefin of the invention of the modifier composition.
The system includes a dry preheater (2), cyclone bed gasification furnace (6), shock chilled air compressor (8), gas heat exchanger (9) and a gas purification system (11).
E, the 煤化工 further processed, and made basic with auxiliary product produced by the process.
The present invention discloses a as shown in formula I aryl ureas or a pharmaceutically acceptable salt, polymorph, solvate, or stereoisomer thereof, as well as intermediate and applications.
The present invention provides compounds of Formulae I, benzothiazine thione derivatives, processes for their preparation and use.
Aryl ureas I of the present invention have protein kinase inhibitory activity, as well as antitumor and antiangiogenic activity.
As shown in Formula I is specifically directed to general formula (I) compound or an isomer thereof, and salts thereof, processes for the preparation of such compounds. A pharmaceutical composition comprising an effective dose of a compound of formula I and pharmacodynamic acceptable carrier.
Aryl glycoside compounds of the present invention on SGLT, particularly SGLT2 have very good inhibitory activity have great potential, are a class of antidiabetic drugs.
A locally recruited by targeted alumina is effective to inhibit the production of anode effect and by pressing the local bus bar may be lifted off the anode effect has occurred.
In the gasification stage, the biomass material prior to using the formula gasification process for pyrolyzing and gasifying
The thermally conductive furnace bladder wall either cloth with a heat flow holes, the first and second heating chamber through the thermal flow holes are communicated;
The present invention discloses a rare earth europium complexes, and their use as light emitting material.
The first heating chamber using the electrode heating and the second heating chamber employing a fuel combustion heat;
When the temperature of the first heating chamber reaches the set value, the electrode heating is started for the first heating chamber;
1) Admixing crystalline arranged close to the single crystal silicon ingot from the bottom of the crucible, confluent, and then in turn the silicon material, a doping element raw material, silicon material was placed in the crucible;
The present invention also relates to a process for the preparation of compounds of this class of compounds, in addition to the nervous system diseases, in particular with dopamine receptors and serotonin receptor related diseases have better control action.
When the first heating chamber temperature continued to rise when it reaches the set value, a thermochemical reaction period is over, the second heating chamber is reduced to a low fire insulation combustion; discharge.
The present invention also provides a composition comprising the antibody, or antigen-binding fragment thereof, of the antibody combination pharmaceutical and/or diagnostic composition, and the antibody or antigen binding fragment thereof for the prevention, treatment and/or diagnosis of a hepatitis B virus infection, and methods of use.
The present invention also relates to a flexible packaging film, which at least a portion of the package is made from polyolefins according to the present invention.
With the present invention having pharmacological activity, antiviral, anti-tumor treatment of nervous system diseases as well as diseases caused by inflammation of the pharmacological activity, as a potent anti-viral, anti-inflammatory, immunological disorders of the nervous system and in the treatment of drug,
b) Providing a rotation drive means, which are connected with the support means, and which is selectively rotates an;
There is provided an RNA cleaving reagent, breaking the RNA, a method for constructing a library of RNA sequencing methods, RNA sequencing libraries and sequencing methods.
The upper end of the sleeve in a graphite heat setting the floating seal gland, the inner bore of the floating seal gland with graphite heating jacket upper phase and the floating seal gland configuration, the outer periphery of the top portion of the housing cover plate with the furnace hearth holes are configured.
A vacuum glass and methods for their preparation.
F, the electrolysis was prepared with legitimate binds strongly to the series of products.
The present invention provides a dual fluid circulation cellulase hydrolysis reactor and its applications. In particular, the invention provides a cellulase hydrolysis reactor, comprising:
In particular, there is provided a microfluidics device, a determination is made as to whether a biological sample having the genetic variation, and a method of determining whether a biological sample having the genetic variation of the system.
The compounds of the invention may have a biological activity of the chelated iron ions, iron ions can be used in preparing the excess disorder of the drug. The present invention compounds of structural formula (I) below.
c) Adjusting the position of the cleaning means, so that the scrubbing structure at least partly in contact with said gas delivery means of said gas delivery surface;
The reaction equation is as defined in formula (4), (1).
The present invention provides a type Y of the oxytitanium titanium nanoparticles dispersed in an insulating resin to form a single layer in the light receptor positive surface charge mode exhibits excellent overall performance of photoconductive electrostatic printing, etc., can be used.
The enzymatic hydrolysis reactor of the present invention the kenaf fiber, etc. when the cellulose was enzymatic saccharification, with high conversions and high concentration, low conversion time, low enzyme preparation consumption, low power consumption is particularly suitable for high capacity advantages, cellulase, solution to the reaction system.
An electrophoretic display comprises a coating fluid, which is contained in microcapsules, the microcapsules are dispersed in suspension and a plurality of electrically charged particles in the suspension, the microcapsules are dispersed in the adhesive, the electrophoretic display coating liquid further contains an aqueous blue dye.
Thus, the compounds of the invention can be used to treat abnormal hedgehog activity caused by a disease, such as cancer.
In particular, the present invention relates to azithromycin sartan organic amine salts, methods of making, and comprising a therapeutically effective amount of a pharmaceutical composition of the compound in the preparation, and its use in the antihypertensive drug.
The present invention also provides for the use of the same gene, to obtain a different segment of the insect species specific type and interspecies broad-spectrum type insecticidal formulation and methods.
Providing a Type B recombinant human adenovirus vectors AdIl-5 and AdIl-5ETel-GFP construction methods and applications thereof.
The present invention provides monoclonal antibodies against CD4 protein and its active fragments and uses, the antibodies of the invention can be blocked by a human immunodeficiency virus protein binding to human CD4 cell invasion.
The process for the preparation of antitumor biological products, the virus fluids hemagglutination titer is significantly increased, greatly improves the purity of the Newcastle Disease virus in the virus, reduce contaminating proteins, egg albumin, and the like, to reduce the side effects of the virus to human body, enhances the antitumor effect of NDV viruses, has a very important application of the value and economic value.
The present pharmaceutical has both the P2Y12 receptor antagonistic and phosphodiesterase inhibiting activity.
The vacuum glass contains two conforming of plates, may be the two glass plates, or a piece of flat glass sheet and the other block is a metal plate employed by a welding process according to the metal strip or metal to metal seal plate periphery.
This type of nanoparticle powder may be dispersed in a chlorinated hydrocarbon in the formation of a stable colloidal solution, to solve the Y-type oxytitanium phthalocyanine dispersibility to question provides alternative pathway.
And (d) is coupled with the second reaction tank each body of the duct.
By tumor growth and tumor measurements indicate that the rate of clearance, AdIl-5 can be effective in reducing tumor growth rate, and tumor bearing mice tumor-free rate was significantly better than AdIl;
The present invention also includes a process for the preparation of such compounds, and use.
The invention solves the conductive functional layer is integrated in the technical problems, the nano holes may be controlled when the biological molecule across the nanopore morphological structure, the sensors of the present invention reached the detecting biomolecules resolution of features of the process for the preparation of the sensor is simple.
Mango aglycone and provides a process for the preparation of crystalline I comprising the crystalline I, as well as pharmaceutical compositions and dosage forms.
Experiments have shown that the biological activity of compounds of this class are expected to be developed as treatment with dopamine receptor and the serotonin receptor related disorder, in particular schizophrenia, Parkinson's disease, drug addiction, migraine, or the like disorders of the potent new chemical entities.
The present invention relates to RNAi technology is based on a new method of controlling insect pests.
A method for producing precipitated calcium carbonate and system.
The present invention discloses a method for high speed and quasi-高速铁路 and its method of fabrication of the rail.
The present invention is simple to operate, conservation of energy, low cost, suitable 面广, can be easily scaled up, making modified silica pigment properties are excellent.
The method is capable of simultaneously accurate efficiently analyzed in several samples, the methylation status of the target region is reduced, increasing the difficulty of probe design and application operation, so that the feasibility of the entire genome of interest within the target sequence, and a region of high precision for high-throughput methylation detection becomes a reality, and the method also has strong and specific features of the cost and time savings.
Hermetic large numerical control a fluid bed coating machine is provided with a fluid bed coating machine host column, a cyclone separator, a fluidized drying tower, a fan, a heater, an air compressor, the coating liquid feeding systems and control systems; feature is provided with a closed air circulation system, and is provided with a fluidized drying tower of dehumidified mechanism and water condensation mechanism.
There is also provided to enhance the immunogenicity of the protein of interest, the method comprising the CRM197, or fragment thereof, fused with the protein of interest is expressed as a fusion protein. And provided that contains the CRM197, or fragments thereof, as well as the target protein, wherein the fusion proteins or fragments thereof, CRM197 enhances the immunogenicity of the protein of interest.
The present invention provides a truncated human papillomavirus type 33 Ll protein coding sequence, and the method of preparation thereof, and its constituent of the virus like particle comprising said virus-like particle and a vaccine in preventing HPV infections and diseases related to the application.
The resulting rare earth doped with fluorescent nanoparticle size is uniform, high crystallinity and high product quality stability.
First, the combustion fuel to the second heating chamber is heated, the electrode is not in operation, the heat of the second heating chamber through a heated nozzle opening into the first heating chamber;
The crystal in light or different temperature conditions may exhibit different colors, it is also possible, depending on the need of the color are matched to each other to bring up the discoloration of the crystal, to resolve the existing single crystal product color, brightness of the narrow defects that satisfies the consumer is different in different situations requirements of the crystal.
As shown in formula I (2 R, 3 R) -3- (3-substituted phenyl) -2-methyl n-pentyl amide compounds, and methods of preparation thereof, wherein the substituents are as defined in the specification, and their use for the preparation of his meltblown he multi-II or a pharmaceutically acceptable salt thereof, as well as the use of the intermediates involved in the production process.
The present invention discloses a process for the preparation of branched polypeptide, comprising the steps of:
A large diameter for drawing an optical fiber preform, comprising an induction furnace shell, graphite heating mantle, an insulating layer and an inductive coil.
The resulting calcium carbonate suspension was isolated, dried, cooled, and pulverized to recover precipitated calcium carbonate.
In the present invention is obtained by a sol-gel method, a sol solution of the coupling agent followed by a variety of means such that the combined effect of the kinetics of fumed silica sol in the coupling agent can be uniformly dispersed in the solution, thereby ensuring that the silica pigment with the coupling agent may be fully reacted through the coupling reagent, to produce the modified silica pigment.
The present invention has a benzothiazine thione derivatives have significant inhibitory effect of Mycobacterium tuberculosis.
The present invention provides a novel 拉汀 阿戈 of Form VII, their method of preparation, use and pharmaceutical compositions comprising them.
The present invention provides novel 6- (aryl carboxylic) imidazo [1, 2-a] pyrimidine and 6- (aryl carboxylic) [1, 2,4] triazolo [4,3-a] pyrimidines represented by Formula I. Wherein Ar, A, R2-R4 are defined herein.
The method has the advantage of short reaction times, less energy consumption, the preparation conditions and process simplicity, readily controllable sources of the raw materials, equipment investment broad simple and low cost. The product of the specific surface area, the pore volume and pore size can be controlled, it is possible to meet the different requirements of the enzyme on the carrier.
The present invention relates to a polyolefin of the modifier composition comprising:- (A) nano silica; (B) a polyvinyl alcohol; (C) acrylic copolymer; and (D) an ethylene vinyl acetate copolymer.
The present invention provides a cell culture, the cell culture vessel comprises a hollow body, a removable membrane, a fixed sleeve and a bearing, wherein the removable membrane is fixed to the container by the fixed sleeve bottom opening is located on the outside of the container, the bearing support body, the viable cells or other biological material can be placed in culture on the diaphragm.
The present invention provides detection of fetal chromosomal copy number or the kit of tumors and their apparatus and method.
The present invention relates to a compound of formula I as well as the hydrogen halide and sulfonate salt of the compound of formula I in the preparation of the prevention or treatment of thrombotic or embolic diseases caused by the use of a medicament.
The micro mixing means for mixing the mixed solution for the micro heat exchange means for adjusting the temperature of the micro reactor to said predetermined temperature.
The present invention relates to magnesium in a molten salt electrolytic cell magnesium electrolysis process during operation of a fluid level control, in particular to the bath level magnesium automated means.
Type B recombinant human adenovirus vectors AdIl-5ETel-GFP is constructed by the method for construction of a shuttle vector pSSGFP pSSENTel, simultaneously with the AdIl-5 genome to produce AdIl-5ETel-GFP homologous recombination.
The present invention is capable of obtaining a single crystal ratios of up to 95% or more of a single crystal ingot for manufacturing, which significantly reduces the cost of single crystalline silicon solar cell.
The invention relates to a has the general formula (I) of the novel shown hexahydro-dibenzo [a, g] quinolizine compound and its derivatives, their enantiomers, diastereomers, racemates, and mixtures thereof, and the pharmaceutically acceptable salts thereof.
2) Drawing a vacuum purged with an inert gas, and the edge is evacuated side purged with an inert gas;
This class of compounds useful for the preparation of drug withdrawl, weight loss, the treatment and/or prophylaxis of diabetes, cardiovascular diseases, and for a drug with a CB 1 receptor inhibitor is relevant to the use of a medical aspects.
A first stream of carbon dioxide from a microporous rubber hose, the carbon dioxide from the injection of the second flow distributor.
The polyamines of the present invention compounds for the inhibition of tumor cell has a better selectivity and activity, and, for the inhibition of proliferation of normal cells is not significant, have relatively low toxicity.
A magnesium automatic control means, including the bath level, respectively, connected to the programmable controller, the intake air pressure transmitter of solenoid valves and the exhaust solenoid valve, the programmable controller is further coupled to the computer, the bath level consisting of magnesium automated means.
The present invention provides an optical activity having low toxicity of CB1 receptor inhibitors and their methods of manufacture and use, the optically active low toxicity CB1 receptor inhibitors of formula (A) of the indicated compound or its physiologically acceptable salts, solvates, polymorphs, enantiomers or a racemic mixture thereof.
The invention belongs to the field of pharmaceutical chemistry, specifically discloses a has the general formula (I) structure of the [1, 3,4] oxadiazoles derivative or a pharmaceutically acceptable salt thereof.
The compounds of the invention have excellent water solubility and stability in this class of drugs, in good selectivity, the compounds of the invention have a very high therapeutic index.
The cell culture incubator of the container with respect to the bearing position adjustment can be done to facilitate the microscope focus.
A mango aglycone crystalline I, its X-ray powder diffraction analysis, DSC and TG-DTA analysis, IR and HPLC analysis indicated, is a new crystal form. With currently existing mango aglycone, compared to the mango aglycone crystalline I, the high purity of the light, moisture, heat stable, oral bioavailability is relatively high.
The adenovirus vector AdIl-5 was constructed using homologous recombination the Ad5E1A segment 365 bp upstream of the coding sequence of the gene (including Ad5E1A enhancer and promoter) displacement to the B type human adenovirus 11 subtype AdIl, corresponding to the region of constructing the carrier AdIl-5.
Wherein, the microfluidic device suitable for single cells were isolated with a microfluidic channel.
The compound of formula I is the hedgehog pathway inhibitor.
The present invention provides a high throughput methylation detection methods, and in particular provides a binding sequence of capture and bisulfite sequencing method
The present invention discloses a artemisinin derivatives and pharmaceutically acceptable salts of the application.
The present invention for preparing rivastigmine method of facilitating proper design, the sources of the raw materials, high overall yield, rivastigmine, product of high chemical and optical purity, easily achieved commercial large scale production.
The present invention relates to a novel compound, 3-amino-2-hydroxy-4-phenyl-Valinyl-isoleucine, and its structural formula is as follows: the compound is represented by the small Streptomyces (Streptomycesparvus) CGMCCNo.4027 fermentation produced had an inhibitory effect on the aminopeptidase may be used for the preparation of aminopeptidase inhibitor class of drugs.
There is provided a near-infrared silver sulfide quantum dots, and methods for their preparation and biological applications.
The process was run with process is simple, low cost, and the like, while the high efficiency advantage can be prepared with high molecular weight, good color, excellent thermal stability and can be free of metal of the aliphatic polyester.
Carbon dioxide has a first stream and a second stream is provided to an aqueous suspension of calcium oxide to form calcium carbonate.
According to the method of the present invention can be prepared without the use of DMNB dangerous chemical, such as 2-nitropropane, NaH, and the like.
In addition, the present invention also provides a polyamine compound, or a pharmaceutically acceptable salt thereof, and a preparation method thereof in the preparation of a tumor for treating cancer, and its related conditions of use of the drug.
The floating seal gland is improved by the use of an operation of the oven stability and prolonged the life of the furnace.
The invention is capable of efficiently recovering from a waste of resources, reasonable effortless rare earth, environmentally friendly, capable of industrial, has a relatively high economic benefits and 社会效益.
The method comprises taking the parent or a tumor patient blood, blood plasma, blood cells and isolated from plasma DNA was extracted and sequenced sequencing library construction.
A straw plastic and its production process, is the length of 1.5-2.0 mm crop straw is dried and mixed with the plastic, plastic aids, extruded through a twin screw extruder in pellets.
Discloses a simplified structure of three 白脂素, their preparation and pharmaceutical compositions thereof and their use.
The silver sulfide quantum dots are derived from surface is coupled to a thiol containing a hydrophilic agent, the hydrophilic groups in the hydrophilic agent is, mercaptoacetic acid, mercaptopropionic acid, cysteine, cysteamine, octyl sulfate and ammonium thioglycollate any one or two of a combination of the above.
The agents of the invention can be used as antithrombotic drugs for the treatment of coronary heart disease, stroke, etc. arterial thrombotic disease, wherein Formula (I) as follows:
The present invention also provides for encoding said fusion protein, an isolated nucleic acid comprising the nucleic acid constructs and vectors and host cells comprising the nucleic acid.
The present invention relates to 4- (substituted anilino) quinazoline derivatives and methods for their preparation, pharmaceutical compositions and the use thereof.
Wherein an RNA cleaving reagent comprising: a biological buffer to the biological buffer, an RNA cleaving reagent adapted to maintain the pH value of between 7 and 9, a monovalent metal ion and divalent metal ions, wherein biological buffer, a monovalent metal ion and divalent metal ions are at effective concentrations.
Also discloses the preparation of such compounds are useful for the prevention and/or treatment of a medicament for use in the tumor. The tumor comprises a glioblastoma, melanoma, breast cancer, stomach cancer, lung cancer, kidney cancer, liver cancer, oral epidermal carcinoma, cervical cancer, ovarian cancer, pancreatic cancer, prostate cancer, colon cancer, colorectal adenocarcinoma.
The invention relates to a pyrido benzothiazepines seven-membered ring derivatives and methods for their preparation and use as belonging to the medical field.
Compounds of formula I have insecticidal activity, can be used as the agricultural insecticides.
The pellets formed according to the present invention, the state is stable, homogeneous particle can pull tab or by blow molding, injection molding, and the like molding process is formed into a film, a sheet or a molded article. The natural lumber article that exhibits a color, surface has a texture of the vegetable fibers and has a good surface finish, high strength, good toughness, feel comfortable.
The present invention provides a new class of camptothecin derivatives with antitumor activity (basic structure as in Figure) and combinations of such compounds and the use thereof.
The present invention relates to the field of chemical and pharmaceutical therapeutic drug, specifically to act as inhibitors of receptor tyrosine kinases MET compounds of formula I, their enantiomers, diastereomers, racemates, and mixtures thereof, or a pharmaceutically acceptable salt thereof, methods of making, pharmaceutical compositions containing such compounds, and use thereof.
In the gasification stage, after using the formula suction on the biomass material is subjected to pyrolysis and gasification process prior to the gasification in the gasification stage that has not been fully reacted biomass char and part of the gas entering the upper suction formula gasification unit together for the gasification reaction.
d) Rotating said rotation drive means to bring said cleaning means to rotate said scraping contact structure, and the gas delivery surface will be attached to the gas delivery surface of adhering aggregates were removed down.
Of the formula I as claimed in one of the pyrazole formyl thiourea compounds, their preparation and use.
The present invention relates to a polyolefin of the modifier composition, packaged polyolefins and flexible packaging film.
The present invention discloses a high purity of stannsoporfin net or a salt thereof and methods for their preparation and use.
The artemisinin derivatives, arteether yl amine and its pharmaceutically acceptable salts to inhibit proliferation of leukemic cells, leukemic cell cycle arrest, induction of apoptosis of leukemic cells.
The present invention provides a process for the preparation of antitumor biological products, a chicken embryos are plated Newcastle disease virus were harvested after urine 嚢 liquid, which was purified by ultrafiltration to concentrate was purified again after the last treatment was cleaved to yield;
The inventive solution is produced in the manner without the use of high temperatures, but employing cast-ing crimping manner, can be accomplished at ambient temperature, that is to say of the anode of the present invention with an aluminum electrolytic production of reduced power consumption, low manufacturing cost, production efficiency is effectively improved.
The present invention relates to an organic amine, eprosartan is azithromycin and their methods of manufacture and use.
(b) The second reaction tank, comprises more than 2 carbon of a reaction tube in series or in parallel;
The present invention discloses a 'according to formula I or I, the aryl groups illustrated by glycoside compounds, their pharmaceutically acceptable salts, optical isomers thereof, or pro-drugs thereof, the present invention also relates to the above aryl glycoside compounds, methods of manufacture and use.
The urea compounds of the present invention, in a biological test for various protein kinases have different degrees of inhibitory activity against human in vitro, and tumor cell lines and human umbilical vein endothelial cell (HUVEC) proliferation assay, respectively, is presented with different degrees of tumor cell growth and antiangiogenic activity, and in vivo in animals also showed better antitumor activity.
Discloses the receptor-type oligothiophene compounds, their preparation and their use.
The present invention provides encoding said antibody or an antigen binding fragment of an isolated nucleic acid molecule.
There is provided a microfluidic device and use thereof,
There is provided a nucleic acid sample sequencing library construction for a method, a sequencing libraries as well as the determination of a nucleic acid in a sample from a predetermined site sequence information of the method.
The invention belongs to the field of pharmaceutical chemistry, and more particularly, to a have aberrant expression of COX-2 inhibition activity of paeoniflorin compounds, methods for their synthesis and in the preparation of nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs for the treatment and prevention of Parkinson's disease, stroke and/or the use of an agent.
The silver sulfide fluorescent quantum dots in good yields and biocompatible fluorescent with good stability, good, uniform size; said method for preparing mild reaction conditions, is simple to operate, a preparation cycle, it exhibits good repeatability, easy to control. The silver sulfide quantum dots can be used for the cells and the use of biological tissue to be imaged.
The present invention provides a non-toxic mutant CRM197 diphtheria toxin or a fragment thereof, in a fusion protein fused to it as an adjuvant to enhance the immunogenicity of the protein of interest is the use of the protein of interest, for example, the HEV capsid protein, an influenza M2 protein or an immunogenic fragment thereof.
The paeoniflorin compounds have the following structure of Formula 1.
The present invention provides good platelet aggregation inhibitory action of the compounds of formula I, an acid addition salt, in particular a hydrohalic acid and sulfonic acid addition salt thereof and methods for their preparation, medicaments containing them, as well as for thrombotic or embolic disease caused by a prophylactic or therapeutic use and/or method.
Discloses a for controlling lepidopteran insect useful for the target gene and its encoded protein, based on the nucleic acid sequence of said target gene prepared nucleic acid inhibitors or inhibiting the expression of the nucleic acid of the host, and is effective to kill a lepidopteran insect.
The present invention provides a polyamine compound, or a pharmaceutically acceptable salt thereof, which has the formula (I), wherein the structure shown, R is lower alkyl substituted by halogen element.
There is also provided a coating solution was prepared using the method of electrophoretic display assembly and an optoelectronic display comprising a front plane laminate.
The present invention also provides a hybridoma cell lines associated with the isolated nucleic acid molecule and short peptides containing the monoclonal antibody, as well as pharmaceutical compositions and kits.
When the biological molecule in the micro nanofluidic devices via the functional units in the passage of the nanopore, biological molecules that interact with the conductive functional layer, when the measurement of this interaction event, thereby achieving electrical characteristics of a biomolecule of interest is detected.
Cell culture after the end of the fixed sleeve may also be removed from the container bottom surface, in order to remove the membrane was observed or used in clinical medicine, and medical applications.
The present invention relates to a method of producing ethylene glycol by employing the oxalic acid ester as the starting material, with a solution of copper or oxide thereof, as the catalyst at a reaction temperature of from about 170 to 270 °C, the oxalate weight hourly space velocity of from about 0.2 to 5 hours
The present invention discloses a high resolution of a biosensor having, characterized in comprising the conductive material of the atomic scale size achieved as a functional unit of a biomolecule detection feature resolution and micro nanofluidic devices to control the movement of the molecules to be detected with the morphological structure.
The present invention relates to a seed crystals to the silicon single crystal ingot and processes for its preparation, comprising the steps of:
D, the trona with humanized legally binding was made more products.
The present invention discloses a mixed flow biomass gasification process and apparatus thereof comprising a gasification process after the gasification stage and prior to the gasification stage,
a) Providing a cleaning device, and to allow it to be detachably mounted on said supporting means, said cleaning device comprising a facing the gas delivery surface of a surface, the surface has disposed thereon a plurality of scraping structure;
A, using the obtained solution was made alkaline base material.
(a) A first reaction tank, comprising: a tank body, within the body of the canister shear homogenizer, for adding a feed inlet, and an outlet for discharging material;
The present invention discloses a phenylpiperazine derivatives and their pharmaceutically acceptable salts, wherein the derivative has a structure as shown in Formula I, wherein R is
The present invention provides a general formula I containing 7-membered lactone ring of the camptothecin compounds and pharmaceutically acceptable salts thereof, processes for their preparation and use.
The present invention discloses a process for the preparation thereof and the inorganic solid binder, the binder composition is of the formula nCaO mBaO+ xP +
a. Select a target first amino acids from the carboxyl end of the peptide chain in which the amino group is protected, under the condition that the form of the carboxyl group thereof is covalently attached to a solid support to afford the amino resin;
The present invention provides 阿戈 Maillard, mixed crystal (form -VIII), their method of preparation, use and to pharmaceutical compositions containing them, wherein the mixed crystal containing predominantly 阿戈 Maillard pravastatin Form VI.
A blood extraction with hemin 畜禽 the latest process
Carbon nanotubes and a process for the preparation of micron tube
To increase the toughness of the additive dolomite gum
A two-step method of producing fine reduced irons process
Azetidine ring containing an amino pyridines derivatives and their use
A free radical polymerization initiator compositions and use thereof
For card Gray intermediates and a method of preparing clopidogrel. patients
A new method of Aztreonam
Preparation of large pore titanium oxide or a precursor of a method
The 3-aryl-6-aryl- [1, 2,4] triazolo [4,3-b] pyridazine and their use as inhibitors of cellular proliferation
A high value of elemental iron based waste containing natural oxidized aluminum method of removing iron
Rivastigmine process for their preparation, intermediates thereof and processes for making intermediates
Increasing the rice nitrogen absorption efficiency and yield OsPTR9 and use of gene
Process has been used in the etching liquid recirculation system and method
The polyolefin of the modifier composition of polyolefin and flexible packaging film for packaging.
Antibodies specific to HBV
The LHRH antagonist derivatives, their preparation method and use
A composite metal oxide powder in the preparation method
Creatinine lactic acid catalyzed polycondensation of medical biodegradable polylactic acid synthesis process
A carbon-coated graphite oxide en composite materials and methods for their preparation and use
A tubeless tyre anti-pinned leak-proof material and a preparation method thereof, and a spray coating method
Using the modified ZSM-5 molecular sieve catalyst catalyzed methanol coupling reaction method of catalytically cracked naphtha
After SecB mediated pathway for the translation of the target function building and their applications
A composition containing Mg a deterioration of the low zinc alloy coating, dip aluminum plating material and its production method
Using a horizontal cyclone implemented outside of the solid/gas circulating higher than the decomposition reactor
A coenzyme Q10 solids flow produced by the method of master seed fermentation culture
Transgenic animals for improving the efficiency of the new method
An electrophoretic display and processes for preparing the coating solution
Using a dual reactor process the incineration of the flue gases generated in a method and system
The fluorescence of the graphene nanomaterials, their production and uses
Coal pyrolysis and hydro-gasification coupling method and system
A compound isolated from 红曲, their preparation method and use
A nano structures and methods for making such ultra-high strength, dual phase steel
The circuit board powder from spent synthetic sheet material and its manufacturing process
The gasification furnace
The crankcase ventilation tube for use in an acrylate rubber formulated feed
In a controlled atmosphere environment using microwave irradiation for modified method of graphene material
A preventing marine biofouling composite coating, and spray coating method
A near infrared silver sulfide quantum dots, processes for their preparation, and their biological applications
Tubercle ribosomal protein L12 and L10 interaction blocker screening models and the application
A zero valent iron fortification of anaerobic acidification hydrolysis of a wastewater treatment process
The protein complex and its spectrum thereof in disease diagnosis and assessment of progress, and the use of pharmacodynamic assessment
A process for preparing racemic nicotine
The crystalline hydrate of tigecycline and their methods of manufacture and use
A base 联合制 big loop process
Preparation of 3- mercaptopropionate
Polymerase chain reaction was a mixture of
A method to obtain activated carbon organics pyrolysis
A resid hydrotreater and catalytic cracking combination method
An industrially advantageous method of maize buck active peptide
A marine oil complexing agent
A two phase zero valent iron to the anaerobic reactor
For the inhibition of tumor metastasis and tumor blood vessel growth of phenyl piperazine derivatives
Hexahydro-dibenzo [a, g] quinolizine compound, a process for the preparation thereof, pharmaceutical compositions and use thereof
A solventless silicone pressure sensitive adhesives and methods of preparing
Ultraviolet water algae-proof apparatus algaecide
6- (aryl carboxylic) imidazo [1, 2-a] pyrimidine and 6- (aryl carboxylic) [1, 2,4] triazolo [4,3-a] pyrimidine as a hedgehog pathway inhibitors and their use
Inhibition of the Aspergillus fumigatus polypeptide of adhering the cornea
A high specificity of the assay methods of small RNAs
The optical activity having low toxicity of CB1 receptor inhibitors and their methods of manufacture and use
Hydrocarbon dehydrocostus lactone derivatives, pharmaceutical compositions thereof, and methods for their preparation and use
A T. reesei protease and their methods of manufacture and use
The Aspergillus immunodominant antigen and its use
Against hepatitis B virus X protein polypeptide drugs
One method of preparation of the graphene
Recombinant antibodies against a cyanobacterial polypeptide and its gene and methods for preparing
Benzenepropanoic acid compounds, their preparation and their pharmaceutical use
Detection methods and kits for the respiratory pathogens
A pair of gene sequencer for sequencing process of a method and system for controlling
Non-invasive treatment process is incinerated sludge self-sustaining balance
Family of molecular sieves metal bisimidazole porous coordination polymers and methods of preparing
Safety glass
A tantalum material crucible and the distillation process is multi-stage distillation
Using a dual reactor process exhaust incorporating cement production is a process and system
A marine cylinder oil complexing agent
A method for purifying 种罗库 bromide
A rare earth doped with fluorescent nanoparticles, and the preparation of the solution method and system
Novel amino pyridine compounds, processes for their preparation, pharmaceutical compositions comprising such compounds, and use thereof, of
Using photosynthetic bacteria for promoting hydrogen producing process of organic waste water
Cationic modified agar and nucleic acid to aqueous polysaccharide gel preparation and pharmaceutical compositions, and use
One nanoparticle/polyamide composites, methods of preparation and uses thereof
An ozone contacting pools and ozone contacting method
Novel addition salts of antiplatelet compounds,
Chlorogenic acid analogs and their methods of manufacture and use
2- (N-substituted)-amino benzimidazole derivatives, processes for the preparation of
Indolone classes derivatives, pharmaceutical compositions thereof, processes for their preparation and use
With the anode and their method of manufacture aluminum electrolytic
An iridium containing organic electroluminescent materials and methods for their preparation and organic electroluminescent device
A solid complex sulfide and methods of making the lubricating film layer
A method of increasing the ethylene glycol product quality
The class of oxime-containing amino derivatives, pharmaceutical compositions thereof, processes for their preparation and use are
Oersted Sertindole he valacyclovir to acid addition salts of the deuterated
A class of pentamethine cyanine fluorochromes, methods of preparation and uses thereof
A monoclonal antibody against CD4 protein and its active fragments and use
A carbapenem antibiotic production method of
An imine of the asymmetric hydrogenation catalysts and methods of synthesis and use
Mycobacterium tuberculosis antigen fusion proteins of Bacillus and the use thereof for the preparation of
For the treatment of impotence pyrazolopyrimidinone compounds and Imidazotriazinones compound
A cathode ray tube in the recovery process of the rare earth phosphor
Highly stable non-ionic N-vinyl butyrolactam iodine and related method for preparing
An optical glass and optical element
4-amino quinazoline derivatives and their use
Annexin V variants and their expression, Preparation, and Application
A class of camptothecin derivatives with antitumor activity
The in vitro evaluation of tumor metastasis or prognostic method and nucleotide
The present invention discloses a polypropylene filament bundle with carbonaceous soot and a method for preparing polypropylene containing carbon tow sections by adding activated carbon in a polypropylene masterbatch function after the homogeneous blend is prepared by melt spinning.
As the cigarette is naturally combustion to the flame retardant tape regions, it absorbs heat from the flame retardant tape and the reduction of oxygen into the cigarette to self-extinguishing; if the combustion flame retardant tape suction area where the oxygen is obtained, the cigarette may continue to burn.
The gravure printing press comprises a press plate roller (3) and press roll (10) flame retardant consisting of a printing device, and wherein said flame retardant tape printing apparatus by flame retardant printed onto the cigarette paper.
In the wrap of front and/or rear face is provided with at least one flame retardant by printing a flame-retardant tape is formed, said flame retardant tape has a width of 2 to 8 mm.
A flame retardant tape having a wrap of a manufacturing apparatus and methods of preparation.
Discloses a method of producing a flame retardant tape (2) of the cigarette paper (11) and its production method of an intaglio printing press.
The invention belongs to the flame retardant tape wrap production technique in cigarette paper, the base paper by printing on a ribbon coating with a certain interval, and to reduce the air permeability of the ribbon coating region.
Thus conveniently be adjusted depending on the process requirements, the distance between the two feeding filaments.
The weaving process provides improved efficiency, the yarn tenacity and woven fabric weave, a reduction in the quality of the broken ends.
The invention relates to a flame retardant, a flame retardant tape having a wrapper and a process for the preparation of the cigarette paper, the flame retardant comprises 10 to 30% by weight of the film-forming material, 10 to 30% by weight of the filler material and 40 to 80% by weight of the solvent.
In the intaglio printing machine, the printing sheet is dried after the first, and then pressed sheet deformation, thereby reducing the possibility of generating and wrinkle and flame retardant tape thickness of the coating.
Drying the ironing machine
A flame retardant tape having a wrap of a manufacturing apparatus and process for making
The drying machine clothing
For the production of cigarette paper having a flame-retardant tape, the production method of the intaglio printing press
Composite spun staple filaments with filament positioning control device
A flame retardant, a flame retardant tape having a wrapper and a process for the preparation of the cigarette paper
A delivery device and the device selected for use in a washing machine
There is also provided a dust removal system comprises a 扫路车 described above.
There is also provided a method for the parking stops to the bed.
The upper splice (1) along a lower end of the splines may be secondary with respect to the lower connector (10) are free to move.
A dust removal system comprising, in turn, communicates with the suction means, the bin (10), the straw (20) and the nozzle (30). The straw (20) is provided with a through hole (23).
A downhole annulus blowout preventer, including a central cylinder (3), the central cylinder (3) on the outer sleeve is equipped with a fitting (1) and a lower connector (10), the central cylinder (3) with the lower end of the lower joint (10) fixedly connected.
When the distracting the tent, when using the elastic supporting race (2) automatically due to the elasticity of the propped open, closed, each elastic support ring may be curved fold.
Also disclosed is a downhole annulus blowout preventor assembly process. The down hole annulus blowout preventer can transfer a larger torque, the structure is simple, easy to use, and has a long life span and can be reused several times.
The upper splice (1) fits around the outer side of the gum having at least one cylinder (9), the cartridge (9) can be the upper splice (1) and the lower joint (10) press expander.
Upper joint (1) is nested in the lower end of the lower joint (10) on the inner side, the upper end of the joint (1) and the lower joint (10) is fitted between the splines.
The near bit during drilling with the check valve can ensure that cooperate with the well seal quickly, effectively preventing 井喷 an accident.
For seating on the column, the column was deblocked, after seating within a drill pipe is in communication with the annulus of the heavy mud pressure, thereby facilitating the well service.
The dust removal system further comprises a through said through holes (23) of the drinking straw (20) a water supply unit supplying water.
Concrete pumping device
A well, high power transmitting means electromagnetic pulse
A drill string vibration is increased by using a method and system for drilling rate
A furniture hinge
Solar photovoltaic wall tile
The transit of the full period omnidirectional 立交桥
The vehicle is guided back gravity
The drainage is achieved using water pressure flow of water drainage opening and closing function of the method and apparatus
The water saving device 卫浴
Precast concrete multifunctional exterior wall 挂板 system
A directional oscillation of the compactor wheel
To achieve a downhole oil, water, which is separated from the crown shape separating apparatus
A novel 帐篷顶 die
A faceplate bandpass slot for decorative composite panel
A pumping unit
A spreader and leveling control means
A water permeable dipper ecological surfacing
Control of the work machine's shift method, control means and the control means having a motor grader
A floor mat
卫浴 facility connected to a drinking water system with the anti-reflux means between
Integral steel construction 立交桥
Corresponds to the leaf fan (122) to which is attached is located at the position of the shaft (120) the weight on the block (14).
Using these Schemes is effective to reduce the consumption of undesirable, lift pump efficiency.
The LED reflector can be made up of a plurality of the reflectors of the individually detachable modules, each reflector module comprises a box body (10), the cartridge body (10) has a transparent front cover (101) and a rear cover (102).
The mounting bracket also contained the solder at the same time in the tube between the rows, respectively, of several flat steel girders and fixed in position on the support tube rows, ensures that the length of the tube fitting assembly precision.
The oil delivery controller is connected with its open state for a sensor detecting a (2) and a fuel supply conduit (4).
The circuitry box (220) and the mask (14) is provided with a connecting portion of a gap (300) is formed, with the circuitry box (220) connected to the outside of a drainage structure.
Weight block (14) allows the leaf fan (122), a state of equilibrium is reached when the substrate (10) is arranged on a plurality of pieces of leaf fan (122) with respect to each other when in operation is not generated when the influence of the airflow, and thus achieve optimum power generation efficiency.
The tank (2) for the storage of the reducing agent; metered jet unit (1) via a transition plate (3) with a fluid reservoir (2) integrated; water heating unit (8) to the tank (2) and the metered jet unit (1) is heated.
The second generator (2), respectively, are also has a cold agent steam passage communicates with the outside and has a heat medium conduit communicates with the outside.
By means of the controller (7) controls the oil feeding points of the fuel supply controller implements intelligent lubrication.
Lubricating oil from 油站 (9) via a pipe (8) and a parallel oil feed controller allocates to the lubricating points.
The air compressor current protector when an abnormal 起跳, thereby protecting the motor. The voltmeter, an ammeter, a start switch, a pressure switch, a contactor and a current protector have focused set in a control box (2), the control box is secured to the air compressor.
The first generator (1) also have, respectively, a cold agent steam passage communicates with the outside and has a driving heat medium conduit communicates with the outside.
While also providing a fabrication method of the infrared metal heating element.
The controller (7) is connected to the oil controller circuitry and control its action.
The positioning of the transducer sheet formed in perimeter fixed inextensible; the housing and transducing sheet to form a fluid flow within the working chamber is formed in the surface of the arcuate or curved et al. streamline shape.
The integrated SCR reducing agent storage apparatus reduces the piping and plumbing connections and to minimize the risk of leakage, and reducing agent can be precisely controlled injection of reducing agent.
By the simultaneous fit using a white LED and colors of LEDs, the light level is sufficient to provide for the premise that can be implemented for each full color pixel is adjustable, and the function of the color developing property is increased to above 90%.
The hydraulic control module for an emergency situation plays the role of the unloading of the hydraulic components, thereby ensuring that the hydraulic control system to fail safe.
An air conditioner, comprising suction/discharge 吸油烟机 soot blower, air blowing path and in the heat engine. Suction/discharge soot blower disposed in an exhaust passage constituting the suction/discharge soot in the soot system. The heat exchanging electric blower and heat exchanger is provided in the heat exchange in the heat engine forms the body passageway. An air blowing path and in the heat engine air inlet of the heat exchanger outlet fixed communication.
The 中央空调 大冷 amount can be achieved for a large concatameric air conditioning unit, with no air conditioning modules among the modules of the oil balance risk.
In the fuel supply line (4) ends at the point of the fuel supply equipped with a back pressure valve (5), the back pressure valve (5) is able to open under the set pressure.
The positive and negative pressure gas generator of formula gasoline of the gasoline produced gas combustion, energy conservation, easy and secure.
The mounting bracket can be adapted to different long pipe fitting structure of the header of the welding assembly and allows, during the heat treatment to prevent deformation of the header, and the header tanks for convenient for hydrostatic testing trolley, flipped over, the balance of the long coupler, and subsequent processing.
An electrically operated valves, and includes the electric valve in a refrigeration system.
The third type of absorbent-generation system includes a first generator (1), a second generator (2), an absorber (3), a first solution heat exchanger (6), a second solution heat exchanger (7), a first solution pump (4) and second solution pump (5).
The third type of absorbent-generation system is coupled to the first condenser (8), a second condenser (9) and the evaporator (10), and the like member form a series of the third type of absorption heat pump.
The reflecting plate (103) has a plurality of LED mounting portion (104).
A wind power generation structure, including a substrate (10) and at least one impeller (12).
By the solenoid valve is connected to the sensor and controller can be achieved for the lubrication system control and the corresponding metering functions.
The start switch to control the operation of the air compressor and stops.
Ammeter and voltmeter with the electric motor (1) and the start switch is connected.
A line leak detection function having a smart, multipoint centralised lubrication system comprising 油站 (9) and a controller (7).
A cooling fan, comprising a fan head (1), supporting the fan head (1) of the bracket (2) and a cooling device. The cooling fan means is mounted on the head (1) a front side, a rear side or a fan head (1) at least one underneath.
The absorber (3), respectively, are also has a cold agent steam passage communicates with the outside and has been heated medium conduit communicates with the outside.
The generator speed control for implementing a method, apparatus and system, the method comprising: obtaining a generator set update, the lowest fuel consumption profile generator sets the current output power is detected, with updated with the lowest fuel consumption curves corresponding to look up the rotational speed of the output power of the electric generator and the generator unit is operated at that speed.
The first generator (1) and also via the first solution is a concentrated solution of tube heat exchanger (6) and the second solution heat exchanger (7) with the second generator (2) communication.
The LED light source (2) is provided in front of the condenser lens (3) and the objective lens (4).
The organic components were either solenoid valve for cutting off the switching off, either liquid conduit, the next time the compressor is activated again prevents a large amount of liquid refrigerant returns to the compressor back to the port to occur by slugging.
The centralized monitoring device can be made to the various parts of the air compressor at the concentrations shown in the monitoring device, so as to facilitate observation.
The cartridge (10) is disposed within at least a reflecting plate (103), a reflecting plate (103) of a reflective surface and a transparent front cover (101) are opposite each other.
The system is capable of reducing the effects of ageing on system performance the generator, the generator units operate at maximum efficiency state.
The illumination device (200) has an internal device having a light emitting portion (211) of housing (210) and a control light emitting part (211) of the control portion (221) of the circuitry box (220).
The absorber (3) with a dilute solution of a line through a first solution pump (4) and the first solution heat exchanger (6) with the first generator (1) communication.
An LED light source an anti-punch through the protection method, characterized in that, the LED light source (9) of one electrode (11) through the conductive member is attached to a metal heat sink lamp cup (5) to form a by-pass bleed path to dump the leakage current or electrostatic, to provide protection to the LED light source, to prevent breakdown.
An annular ring having a condensing high brightness of the illumination lamp, comprising a lamp (1) and the lamp (1) after the end of the inner cavity LED light source (2).
Lamp panels of the inner frame (11) is inserted in the lamp cartridge of the outer frame (21), the light panel within the inner frame (11) on the block of groove (111) and the outer frame of the lamp cartridge corresponding regions of the elastic component (3) snap.
An air compressor, a centralized monitoring means comprises a volt meter, an ammeter, a start switch, a pressure switch, a contactor and a current protector.
The pressure switch controls and regulates the gas tank (3) pressure.
An LED projection lamp, comprising a lamp holder (1) and a plurality of mixed light units. Each of the light-mixing unit comprises a group of lenses (3) and a plurality of LEDs, and each blend dispersed light units are fixed into the lamp holder (1) surface.
Each of the spring assembly (3) is fixed by a cantilever shape is provided in the lamp cartridge outer frame (21) block on the face of the wave trough bottom handle and consisting of springs.
At the pump inlet and outlet tubing, which was added in a shore hardness of greater than 50, and a length of 30 mm or more, facilitates the flow of fluids from a turbulent flow regime to the ballast state transitions.
Before the oil supply point by detecting whether or not a corresponding pressure can be maintained, the acknowledge line if a leak is present, up to leak detection function.
The second generator (2) there is a concentrated solution line through the second solution pump (5) and the second solution heat exchanger (7) and the absorber (3) communication.
The contactor control on/off of the external circuit.
The booster may be simple, effectively increasing the power unit formulae of the combustion chamber of the combustion efficiency, and to reduce the exhaust emissions, and which is capable of reducing energy losses.
The at least two alternating condenser package, it can be ensured that the defrost is always in the heating mode operation of the organic components, avoiding the conventional air conditioning mode of operation of the conversion produces heating effect, even stopped 吹冷风 disadvantages.
The cooling fan is not required to increase a refrigerator body et al., does not increase the power consumption, the environmental impact of small, simple construction which is convenient to use.
The spring pieces segments, respectively, with the handle section is perpendicular to the tab is integrally formed with the handle and the transition from the handle sections isolated; with the lamp embedded groove positioned at an acute angle between the panels.
An integrated SCR reducing agent storage device comprises a storage tank (2) and the metered jet unit (1) further comprising a transition plate (3) and the water heating unit (8).
A ventilation device (100), comprises a is provided with an opening (11) of the frame (12), is provided to the frame (12) of the fan (13), covering the frame (12) of the opening (11) and allows air to pass through the mask (14), is provided to a face mask (14) of the illumination device (200).
The fuel supply line (4) are mounted on a sensor for sensing a pressure state di (31).
Discloses a lighting panel (1) with the lamp cartridge (2) connecting structure.
The present invention extends the LED fan prior fan function, can be applied to a variety of applications.
An LED light box, including light box in the outer frame and the outer frame of the LED reflector.
The cargo lamp can simultaneously achieve spatial illumination and local illumination, providing a cost savings.
A band gap of the freezer evaporator plate
An LED lamp bascule
Large hydraulic variable buoyancy tank 拍门
The air conditioning 吸油烟机
A versatile scaffold
An umbrella dehydration engine and its spin balance mechanism
The self locking device and its locking and unlocking means
A non-adhesive type pultruded composite pipe
A thin walled tube connector
An exhaust gas treatment system of the high temperature oven
The integrated type deflation of the engine braking method and apparatus
A novel top-hung desk lamp
A feedback differential automatically the continuously variable transmission is of formula
Light emitting diode backlight module and a heat sink
An automotive fuel saving method
The hydraulic pressure control means of the follower reciprocally
Suitable for use in an ultra high vapor temperature of a model M pulverized coal-fired boiler
A liquefied natural gas receiving system and processing method
A mounting device
A double acting single-stage traveling wave thermoacoustic systems
The third type of system-absorption occurs with a third type of regenerative heat absorption heat pump
Spent stripping warm booster recycled system
The valve lift for the engine brake reset method and apparatus
The LED lamp of the light distribution module design method.
The intake throttle includes the substrate with the substrate as well as the intake air damper
An air-cooled refrigerator tunnel structure
Centripetal pressurized heat generation due to the high temperature and high pressure ventilation compressor
High intensity illumination lamp of annular ring having a condensing
A two way solenoid valve
The LED fan
An infrared metal heating element and a method
Hand-held rechargeable lamp tube
The LED light beam adjustment structure
High efficiency air purifying apparatus and method
Positive and negative pressure gas generator of formula gasoline and canned device
The arrangement of a boiler heated surface
Syrtis of working medium to a solar heat storage and high temperature gas generation system
The organics were dried with a two-stage gasification integrated apparatus and method
The LED lamp audio-visual
A circular motion process
A metal-to-metal seal plug valve
To facilitate electron governor heat dissipation of a diesel digital generator
An internal combustion engine driven generator frequency multiplication method and an inverter control means
A double acting thermal drive the traveling wave thermoacoustic refrigeration system
An air conditioner with a short tube throttle valve
An automotive transmission shifting dampening noise reduction structure
Kinetic energy generating means
A touchdown formula smart valve
A lamp to facilitate mating of the staircase
One method to 360 degrees of light emitted by a LED lamp
The LED lamp with a heat sink
The hydro-generator
The LED lamp bar securing structure and a liquid crystal display
Cell device in a good conductor on a clustered application circuitry
A lamp cap of the lamp to be pivoted
Scroll hot and cold gas separating device
The ice maker and manually with manual ice maker for a refrigerator
The integrated SCR reducing agent storage device
Inner loop conduit means having a reciprocating air compressor 低油耗
A strip light seal structure of
An intelligent controllable sealing gasket
The cylinder structure
The steam turbine vacuum stripping the recycled system warm booster
An electronic expansion valve
By the present invention in a virtual input system is defined by the input region for each input area is assigned to one of the input information, the input information directly electronically technology.
Wherein the file request processing means for received and parsed instructions from application server a request for a file is created, and according to the parsed result information file generation tasks, as well as at least one temporary information file generating task.
The invention relates to a dynamic adjustment of the table top layout method and system, a computer storage medium.
In one aspect, the multilayer QR code image may be satisfied by the large amount of information transmitted so as to increase the transmission efficiency, on the other hand, the file may be multiple encryption, increases the security of the file transfer.
CUEDC2 protein to determine a new use of breast cancer patients after surgery a dosing regimen of adjuvant therapy is provided according to the new anticancer drug, so as to increase the effect of the treatment of the patient and to alleviate pain and economic burden.
The light guide plate fixed configuration comprises a light guide plate (10), a heat sink base (20) and a plurality of retaining members (30).
According to the present invention, to solve the terminal software is installed using a problem of inconvenience, simplifies the complexity of the user terminal software is installed at a lower cost, while lifting the user experience, and increased product quality.
The present invention discloses an open implemented on a browser plug-in management platform, the card management platform in the browser, the main process as implemented in a browser plug-in and for interactive media, with the browser plug-in controls bearers of the interaction is managed, and the insert after adaptation to the browser calls.
The technical solution provided by the present invention, to solve the terminal when the actual use of the debug good operating current can deviate from the optimal operation point of the practical use of the problem, when the operating current of the terminal with the laboratory debug a current remains the same.
The left lens and the right lens is disposed on the body.
The present invention discloses a terminal operating current debug system and method, the system comprising: a terminal, the impedance transformation module, an integrated measuring instrument, wherein the impedance transformation module is connected to the terminal and an integrated tester, for analog terminal after assembly of the antenna on the load impedance.
This method is simple to operate, to increase the reliability of the tag reader to access.
Embodiments of the present invention solves the slave CPU access time is too long for the technical problem of increased efficiency, i.e., accessed without affecting the bus architecture and system on the basis of the operating power consumption, effectively reduces the CPU accesses a delay from the device.
The dispensing valve (4) comprises a spool (41), the stepper motor (43) and a valve body housing (42).
The present invention also provides a corresponding wireless data terminal management system, including a wireless data terminal or a PC.
In the present invention can overcome the rate test script objects to be tested in response rates are not synchronized, the event is expected to occur by the lower one test object uncertainty et al. complex case efficient automated testing.
The present invention may be implemented using a client message page web log system for the rich media information in the same or a similar processing logic multiplexing.
The present invention can be effectively address buffer areas existing single affinity node cannot recognize the problem of a remote access system, to reduce the overhead, the I/O to improve system performance.
This scheme for interactive cryptographically protected by security data carrier are protected illegitimate user interactive password protection is not easy to obtain the vector, and may be in the interaction process only in the identity credential information display portion, thus increasing the security of a password protection carrier.
The present invention also discloses a real-time road condition information, acquires the system using the method and system enables a user to select the desired easy, intuitive understanding of the section of road, and allow a user to watch the selected for the section of road traffic conditions.
The present invention discloses a searching method and apparatus, the method comprising: obtaining a network element to be query element, wherein the query element is identified to be a one to one correspondence with the network element identification; dividing network element identification; using a partition is carried out after the identification of a network element of a query.
In the manner described above, the present invention can be in the form of a self-service terminal conveniently provides a user of the electronic device software or data transaction services.
This method facilitates, rapid and cost-effective.
The present invention discloses a card reader/writer and the tag between the dynamic authentication method and implementation of the means for solving conventional authentication method with background database must rely on a real-time on-line, reliable and secure connection cannot be autonomously, the height by the tag reader/writer technical problems of authenticating card.
The present invention provides a matrix based interpolation is performed on the image of the method and of the image processing system.
The invention does not need the full range of the exposure value look-up determining exposure value is reduced in the exposure value, thereby reducing the seek range looks up the number of times the automatic exposure time is reduced, thereby reducing the amount of calculation of the device, to improve the device performance.
The present embodiments provide a solution, may be useful for reducing data access to an occupied, lifting of the link performance of the system.
Based on this scheme, the BS architecture can be dragged across the frame under the configuration parameters, thereby realizing a simplified user intuitive nature of the operational steps that corresponds to the user's operation, the psychoacoustic model.
Embodiments of the present invention there is provided a pair of nodes, a method of managing memory and device.
The switch element is in the first level signal and the reference level under the action of the turns on, which, in the second level signal and the reference level under the action of the cutoff.
The present invention discloses a Widget ordering method and apparatus, the method comprising: collecting information on the usage of the user Widget and/or setting parameters; according to the usage information, and/or setting parameters for ordering the Widget; displaying a Widget ordered.
A laser projection light source module and its beam shaping method, a laser display device.
The biochemical analyzer multiple sensing channels can occupy a small size, low cost, a flow path is reasonable.
Wherein the method comprises: obtaining a restart of the currently inserted or a data card identification information of the individual ports of the respective ports; according to the identification information of the matching rules, invokes a data card port attributes of each of the ports, wherein identifying a matching rule, comprising: a port to port attributes of the identification of the port; a correspondence relationship records the current data card port of the individual ports of the attribute information.
The peripherals of the motherboard 龙芯 ensures that the interrupt processing mode to the normal operation of the motherboard 龙芯 peripherals.
The present invention relates to computer arts, under the Windows discloses a method and apparatus to adjust the disk partition.
A disk cache management method and apparatus.
The present invention discloses a hash table entry adding process by the hash table is resolved into a plurality of hash sub-table and hash sub-table, each of them corresponding to a bitmap and a hash function, and using the hash function to calculate a key value to be stored entry, a hash value is determined by the hash value to be stored is stored in the table entry is empty.
One end of the chamber with the left lens and the right lens is provided at the other end of the chamber are connected respectively to the left and right eye oculars of the corresponding left side holes and right side hole.
The method comprises: the imaging system to be photographed, the obtained by photographing of the initial image data of the shooting; according to the pre-stored color distortion of the imaging system, the a priori knowledge of the primary image data color distortion correction is carried out, to obtain the corrected image data.
The method includes the step of randomly in the entire genome of the obtained fragment was sequenced, including all of the k-mer k-mer depth information, the count each k-mer depth value to determine the frequency of the desired depth of k-mer k-mer k-mer and divided by the total amount to achieve the desired depth of the genome size.
Embodiments of the present invention, the technical scheme can reduce the need for upgrading the super kernel component of the device resources, and to reduce the effect of the service upgrade.
The temperature rise of the invention gives the succinct test system configuration, test, the detection efficiency, high accuracy can be applicable to a variety of current conduction electric vehicles under conditions of the test charging interface temperature rise.
The present invention provides a flash memory error estimation module and its error estimation method, the estimation module consists essentially of a timer, a quantization index tables, store the page table and the error index table.
The mobile terminal comprising: a clear suspension processing module and the display module. The mobile terminal comprising: a touch screen, and at least one touch screen coupled to the processor, the processor, the processor is configured to perform the functions of the software keyboard display method.
Discloses a method of implementing a tag identification process and apparatus.
A rechargeable battery for an electric vehicle, a rental process of the charging battery powered vehicle, the vehicle control system and the power supply control method.
A terminal with a touch screen as described above and a method of processing a document of a terminal with a touch screen, so that the user may be at a different position on the touch screen flexibility in setting operation region, thereby greatly improving the user's reading experience.
The present invention provides a technical solution to the short time the mounts have a file system, the operating system read/write efficiency advantage.
When a user input is received after the query, search and the keywords of the query matches a page, if the search to the knowledge on the platform of the quiz to the keywords of the query matches a page, then the knowledge on the platform of the quiz to the keywords of the query matches the query contained within a page in the search results returned to the user.
The wireless communication terminal, the method comprising: a USB composite device driver to create and manage virtual bus device; loading the virtual bus driver, a virtual bus driver initializing the virtual bus device after successful creation and management of the network device itself, and the network device driver and driven through USB composite device between USB transfer requests and responses.
The present invention discloses a system and method, the content reading can be simultaneously read mode flexibility and compromise the security of the copyright protection.
Embodiments of the present invention discloses a method of detecting data reliability, belongs to the field of computer techniques and apparatus.
The present invention provides a multilayer fast response code encoding, decoding, encoding, decoding method and apparatus to improve the QR code contains information capacity.
The present invention provides a method of implementing the terminal and terminal human-computer interaction, the method comprising: detecting a housing attached to the terminal on the corresponding pressure sensitive device, the resistance value of the pressure-sensitive device is subjected to an external force according to the changes in the resistance value of the pressure-sensitive means, if the detected resistance value reaches a predetermined value, then the process proceeds to the resistance value is preset by a corresponding application.
The present invention provides a JAVA application may be installed in the terminal device has been installed in the case of the JAVA application is installed and running a new application instances, thus achieving the same terminal device is installed and run a plurality of applications, an example of a prior art there cannot be solved in the same station equipment installed on and running several applications of the instance of the problem.
By lifting the experience of the users according to the present invention.
The above scheme by the same or a similar commercially available were clustered further decreases the user's selection operation, improve searching efficiency, conserving network traffic; at the same time, reducing the originated access requests from the client to the server, thereby alleviating the number of the server, and the process pressure is reduced, the network bandwidth is occupied by lifting the network transmission speed, to avoid clogging of the network.
And the operation need not be added in other input devices occupying minimal space, is flexible to facilitate operation.
By the present invention, the application layer of the Android system is achieved by operating the driving layer directly access interface flash memory of a binary partition, the effect of the data access is made.
The present invention provides a printed circuit board (PCB), to achieve a smaller size of the cellular network communication module, it is convenient to carry.
The apparatus comprising: a body (61), a left eyepiece (62 L) and right eyepiece (62 R), an eyepiece adjustment mechanism, the chamber (63) and set slideholder (64).
The method is effected by configuring the inventorying command sent to the tags, control parameters are pre-crash handling multiple tag, and reduce the probability of collision is solved in the ISO 18000-6 B protocols for multiple tag collisions result in no tag reader within a field, and the end of the access flow problems, increasing the efficiency of the multiple tag identification reader.
The beneficial effects of the present invention are: increasing the high current rectifier valve cabinet in a strong magnetic field under high vibration of the fuse state detection accuracy, reduces the amount of wiring in vivo rectifying cabinet, substantial savings in operating costs; reduces apparatus, increases the complexity of the interference immunity of the device, the device operates more reliable.
There is provided a physical isolation features having a test device.
The invention relates to a system simulation method and system.
The present invention provides the use of the method and apparatus can be solved by terminal keyboard area and volume effect cannot be flexibly handling problems.
Wherein the calculated based on on-demand data analysis means comprises a factor analysis configuration module, a data extraction module, analysis factor calculation module, data analysis processing module, and the results of the analysis module.
The present invention provides a new method of nuclear fusion through controlling the kinetic energy of the nuclear or electron density and the incident light and the electric field intensity and frequency to control the fusion.
The pixel array region comprising an array of pixel cells arranged in the incident light beam, the light source generates a pixel array area, after passing through the multi-stage optical path switching switch routing, imaging exit from the pixel cell.
The present invention discloses a method and system data prefetching, overcome the prior art not very well in the pre-execution and span prefetch fusion deficiency.
A virtual resource management methods, systems, and apparatus used in the communication art.
The present invention can reduce system complexity, accuracy from environmental effects, in particular, the effect of the light is relatively small.
In the present invention is applicable to prefetch the current web page browsing may have access to other web pages.
Discloses an electronic device and its function control method.
Using the method of the present invention, the platform and to the various service or a service application plug-in is managed using the convenience of the user of the intelligent terminal by means of the browser implements various services and service application functions, and conserve network bandwidth and network traffic.
Discloses a system under 安卓 the firmware upgrade method and system.
In the present invention may be used for optical communication.
The present invention light pen of the electronic whiteboard system synchronization signal receiving device is introduced with a global shutter of an image sensor, the pen light pulse emitting, and introducing a synchronization signal transmitter and receiver synchronization signal, the synchronization signal by a pulsed light-emitting stylus with an exposure time of the image sensor coincide, so as to achieve the object of improving the signal-to-noise ratio.
The present invention discloses a method of application is loaded, the method comprising: the M2M termination module is initiated after power-up initialization, the application manager; the application manager receives instructions to load the application load thread; a load thread is created according to the loading the application instructions to load the application, the application execution is completed, the end load thread.
Provided by embodiments of the present invention, a method and apparatus for the clock interrupt period may be dynamically adjusted so that processor, in the operating state of the clock used in the interrupt period has the flexibility to facilitate according to the need to use a different clock interrupt period.
The invention can increase the efficiency of the query, to ensure that the query is successful.
Embodiments of the present invention may be in the result set of the visual display entities ordering attribute value, so as to be physically present at a location known, for reasons which satisfy the requirements of the application, application for convenient ordering results for further processing.
The present invention discloses a radio frequency identification system based on the communication method, apparatus, and system for radio frequency identification system implemented in a two-way communication between the electronic tag and a reader, and saving the battery power consumption of the active electronic label, ensuring that the electronic tag and the stability of the communication between the reader.
The apparatus comprises: a detection module and a recording module.
A touch position and trajectory acquisition module, the control module, and a file creation module connected to the touch-sensitive screen, respectively.
The present invention by the above protocol, the foreground in the final picture is displayed according to a constant size can be presented, when a fixed constant= 1, it is also capable of presenting to the original size, increases the foreground visual fidelity.
Discloses a method for compression of the original test file compression method.
The invention further provides an SD card sizes of PCB manufacturing a method, comprising: transmitting an SDIO terminals arranged at one end of the PCB; the antenna disposed remote from the other end of the SDIO terminals provided on the radio frequency circuit; and a region adjacent the antenna.
An operator interface management method, device, and a mobile terminal, the method comprising: receiving a user input interface operable to generate a call instruction, the operator interface call instructions corresponding to the operator interface, and to receive a user input interface operable according to the function of one start instruction, actuation of said function is one of the instructions specifies the function item is initiated.
The valve core (41) is provided with a first spool on catheter (411) and the second spool 通液 tube (412), the valve body housing (42) are arranged in pairs on the first valve body through catheter (421) and a second valve body 通液 tube (422).
The present invention also discloses a data acquisition device comprising: a data acquisition request identifying the receiving module, a data acquisition module and a first data acquisition module according to the embodiment of the present invention, the data of the selected conditions, and determines the identity of the data according to the data identification, while all the acquired data to identify a corresponding data.
The present invention discloses a terminal, and a method for service processing, the terminal comprising: a separation module, is set to the terminal from the architecture for the UI separation; application modules that are configured to process the UI of the separated application; the display module, arranged to process after the separation of the UI of the display.
By sensing the terminal in the present invention between two points, and the displacement of the displacement control interface according to the content of the scaling operation, it is not easy and convenient, cumbersome, increasing the efficiency of the scaling.
The system to ensure that the systemic performance and reliability, on the basis of an increase in system interconnect chipset protocol verifying coverage, reducing the item validation overhead.
The present invention discloses CUEDC2 protein for use in the preparation of a drug for treating endocrine breast cancer patient prognosis and diagnosis of tumors of the breast, ovary, etc. the use of a diagnostic agent, the diagnostic agent comprises an antibody CUEDC2 protein CUEDC2 protein, the antibody is a monoclonal antibody or a polyclonal antibody.
The laser projection light source module dissipation of the speckle effect can be enhanced.
Wherein, on the basis of the parallel processing of the information file generation system comprising: a file request processing means, control means, a temporary task processing device, exception handling device, and an input/output device.
Embodiments of the present invention discloses a bill 代付 management method, apparatus, and system specific, wherein the method comprises the steps of: receiving a request for a first end sends the user identification application development tool STK bill 代付 request; the first STK bill 代付 request according to the check result; a check is made to transmit the request to a second STK bill 代付 代付 end.
The present invention also provides another motherboard device detection method, as well as the corresponding motherboard device of a motherboard device detecting means, control means and the motherboard device detecting a detection system.
The present invention also discloses a buddy notification means, the method and device enables a user to navigate in the article published without separate after sending a notification, the content is written and greatly simplifies the operation of the user.
The present invention discloses a signal processing methods, apparatus, and the SERDES and processor, relates to a signal processing art.
In the present invention, as long as the user input interface operable to produce the corresponding call instruction, i.e. an operator interface, according to the operator interface can enter the function corresponding to one start instruction, so that a rapid, accurate and efficient starts a target function item.
The present invention discloses a memory monitoring method and apparatus, the method comprising: monitoring will need to be placed in the memory addresses of pages in the CPU debug; for the debug pages in a read/write memory address, then trigger a page fault exception instructions; determining the exceptional instruction in a page fault is to be monitored by the access to the memory addresses of a predetermined debugging scheme can be employed when the page fault exception instructions for processing.
The user may on its own, the convention used with different fingerprint and/or actions set a start up different functions, enhances the confidentiality of the electronic device, the personalized and security.
The present invention discloses a generic icon to implement multiple display mode, a method and apparatus.
An operating clock gating circuit intelligent switching method, and system, the method comprising: the master device transmits a signal for detection, when detecting that the master device sends an access signal to the slave device, the slave device when the operating clock frequency is increased.
The present invention discloses a method of a mobile terminal, comprising: storing information received by the new information; such as it is determined that the new information cannot be saved for the new information belongs to the type of information pre-assigned save space, but the expansion space can be saved to the new information is saved in the expansion space.
By the present invention, may be in the data card that does not undergo a poll all ports of the identification data in the case where the individual ports of the card, to improve the working efficiency.
In the present invention does not have enough space to a pre-assigned to save the new information is stored by the new information stored in the expansion space, to solve the new information is not received and stored, the problem reduces the probability of a loss of information, to improve the user experience.
According to this method and apparatus being capable of automatically detecting the clinician's point of interest, and then to an imaging system to provide more accurate feedback, the imaging system a dose in more efficient management becomes constant, so that the image quality can be obtained without wasting any dose, to further optimize the dose/IQ performance and the efficient use of the system.
The assay is simple to operate, 专属性 strong, has an excellent stability, precision, reproducibility and loading can be a complete recovery, the detection of the various major active ingredient 四磨汤 formulation weight, so as to obtain a 科学合理 四磨汤 formulation fingerprint 四磨汤, complete and accurate evaluation of the effectiveness of a formulation, security, stability and quality uniformity.
For a backlight module and the light guide plate fixed configuration.
When the simulation is performed on such system, remote memory access event simulation of the analog efficiency and accuracy plays an important role.
Using the subject methods, enables a user to navigate in the management software does not need to install a prerequisite for normal traffic using a wireless data terminal, and facilitate the storage of user data.
The technical solution according to the present invention can be implemented is kept free from the wireless communications terminal of the drive is kept free from the UI software using a green.
The test apparatus comprises a probe (210), a peripheral circuit (220), a special function circuit (230), wherein the peripheral circuitry and special functional circuits are respectively disposed on different circuit boards (240, 250), on the peripheral circuitry and special function circuit being electrically connected to said probe.
The method includes: opening the web page on the web page and, depending on the current acquired pre-reading rules pre-reading link; reading the pre-reading linking indication of a web content.
When the CPU 龙芯 need and a set of chipset, the debugging of the broken connection with other chipset, the switching agile saves time and cost.
The present invention provides a terminal software installation method, apparatus and system.
The present invention also provides a viewing device system states of the device.
A method provided by the present invention solves the BIOS layer 龙芯 CPU and AMD bridge between the sheets in the address mapping conversion problem, pmon DMA device to address the problem, 龙芯 blade PCI configuration space to read and write the problem from the coreboot pmon engraftment and debug problems.
The present invention is structurally simple and complex arithmetic unit is constituted by a parallel processing array has a highly efficient vector processing capability, as well as a very high radix 2 FFT butterfly capability.
The present invention further discloses CUEDC2 gene or protein in the manufacture of a medicament for the treatment of tumors that use CUEDC2 gene\ protein to specifically inhibit the expression or activity of a small molecule material, specific antibodies, and the like, as a therapeutic agent for the treatment of drug resistant tumor recovery of sensitivity.
According to embodiments of the present invention by the hybrid storage environment, a method and system for configuring the storage device, it is possible to implement the mixing environment with a plurality of storage devices for storing a plurality of data objects, the configuration of the manual intervention by avoiding the need to reduce the security risk, and to improve the system performance, reduced system power consumption.
Because the connecting members (2,3) are embedded in the optical fiber connector body (1), does not take up additional space, so that the cascade of the fiber optic connector is compact, increases the density of the fiber is attached.
The present invention relates to computer techniques. more particularly, relates to a method and apparatus for initializing a daughter card.
By the present invention a NFC handset and 叫号 server for short-range communication, the NFC handset 叫号 server records to be mobile phone number and a NFC transaction service, after necessary moment in time due to alert a user that avoids the user is not in the field results in a case where a service fails to transact in time.
To solve the node during the hot plug portion of the memory not migratable cannot be taken off-line, the problem of lost data, and supports a single memory bank hot plug.
Wherein the security information comprises a security system of interaction information interaction device, said security information for the interactive device acquires the user input and the security information from an external information carries the information read by the device, and the data through the Internet gateway with the terminal to establish a secure channel with the security information processing, thereby completing the service functions.
The invention relates to a virtual input method and system, comprising: obtaining information of the input information, the operation of the receiving end, an operation input terminal, said operating end for the operation of the input plane and is input to the control of the control unit.
In, for example, NUMA system memory in a multiprocessor computer system, distributed on each processor node, the processor accesses the local node memory access is much greater than the time delay of the delay of the local node memory.
The microwave absorbing material of the present invention ultra lightweight, thin thickness, the absorption band is wide and absorption rate is relatively high.
The scheme of the present invention saves 还原点 sectors of the storage device, the operation time of the improved performance of the computer.
The Chinese speech affective point modeling method is: first based on Fisher ratios in sex selected training speech recognition models support vector machine (SVM); followed by whispering and a female vocal sound affective points, respectively, to establish a Hidden Markov Model (HMM), and on the basis of the recognition result measured SVM sex selected points of the HMM for mood classification.
Discloses a password-protected carrier generation method and apparatus that belongs to the data security art.
Discloses a fitting of a security verification, the configuration method and wireless communications.
This scheme is not only addresses the mixing the source port (including the time period sensitive item port and the time period sensitive item port) of the data processing problems, but also greatly increased the efficiency of data processing, which simplifies the design of the destination port.
The present invention proposes a wireless communication terminal and a driving method thereof.
The present inventive solution is implemented so that, in addition to the monitor address access of the memory addresses that are outside of the remaining anomaly is not triggered, so as to avoid excessive on system performance due to the effect of a lifting system can be effective, the debug and maintenance efficiency.
The present invention discloses a bar code image using a mobile terminal in communication with the backend server method, apparatus, and the mobile terminal to implement made on all of the code image of a bar code can be correctly decoded, and ensuring the safety of the user information may also be achieved in the absence of a backend server, in a case where the mobile terminal provided on the side of the service can be accomplished.
There is provided a very large scale integrated circuit manufacturing techniques belonging to a non-volatile memory in the art of flash memory array structure and its programming method.
The circuit board comprising:-the end located on the PCB secure digital input-output (SDIO) remote from the terminal, at the other end of the SDIO terminal is provided with an antenna, the antenna to the adjacent region is provided with a radio frequency circuit that does not interact with the antenna in the adjacent region is provided with a memory module.
The present invention has the advantage of accurate test results.
By the present invention is capable of quickly and accurately relevant knowledge information are provided to the user, without knowledge of the user is logged on to the quiz platform issuing questions, and wait for the questions are answered to retrieve the relevant knowledge information.
Enumeration of input and output devices of the method comprising: obtaining each of the processors in the system and the identity of each input/output (IO); an identification of a centralized controller according to said each processor's identification and the IO a centralized controller, the identification of the particular instruction processor, respectively, while the enumeration of IO and the centralized controller is connected to the input and output of the IO devices is a processor instructions; obtaining an enumeration of the IO devices associated information.
The first valve body through catheter (421) and a second valve body 通液 tube (422) for at least two pairs of the number.
The present invention discloses a single-chip dual-axis bridge magnetic field sensor, and a biaxial bridge magnetic field sensor using a tunnel junction magnetoresistive elements within the same semiconductor substrate full bridge to prepare two orthogonal magnetic field sensor to sense a magnetic field component.
A terminal interface zoom control of the content, wherein the method and apparatus, the method comprising: sensing terminal at two times the displacement of the displacement between the terminal, according to the interface of the content by the zoom control.
The present invention relates to a method for fast reset device, wherein the method and apparatus, the method comprising the steps of: when a device of a plurality of processors, where one processor is at fault on said only one of the processors is reset.
Constant across channel information can be the edge information, the texture information, a noise strength, and the like.
The method comprises:-A, the reader on at least two frequencies to the tag receives a respective transmit signal and the reflected signal; B, transmits the received reflected signals were combined to give the combined received signal, and transmitting the combined received signal is mapped to constellation points of the constellation used for locating the tag.
A cascade of fiber optic connectors comprises a parallel arrangement of two or more than two optical fiber connector body (1), as well as embedded optical fiber connector body (1) of the fiber connector body (1) coupled together, the connecting members (2,3).
In addition to the separation of the source port of the write and read operations. Also disclosed is a multiple source port of the data processing apparatus.
Each switching element has one end connected to a first port to a corresponding one of the keys, and the other end connected to the interruption between the port and the resistance between.
An embodiment of the invention method comprising: when a user through a graphical display of the personal information is unlocked when the verification fails, the unlocking of the user input, the interface with a personal information previously stored in the local database for matching the personal information.
The system is capable of reducing air volume measuring device is installed, the complexity is reduced as a result of air volume measuring device, reducing the wind resistance loss measurement error, increasing the secure operating reliability and increased air blast properties on-line monitoring functions.
Thus, the light source module (400) can reduce the total amount of stray light so that the light source (610) to obtain more light rays emitted by the utilization.
In the present invention, is extracted from the luminance channel across the channel does not change in the image information of the image for the chrominance channels, de-noise processing, it is possible to eliminate false color edge or at the edge of the texture, reduce blurring, obtain better globally de-noised effect.
The handset comprising at least two keys, a baseband chip, resistance and at least two switching elements.
The present invention discloses a touch panel for a household products with a remote control, mouse function comprising a shell and a conventional remote control keys, characterised in that it further comprises a mouse, touch pad, and two cooperating with a mouse, a touch pad, a mouse button and may select the mouse wheel configuration.
The present embodiments provide a method of generating an application icon and a terminal device.
The present invention discloses a 安全类 software method and device of the display window.
The light source module (400) can be derived by the prism microstructures will exit the curved surface (623) of reflected light is further reflected back into the secondary lens (620).
The present invention relates to the field of video processing, discloses a color image of the denoising method and system.
The document access method and the terminal equipment may solve the edited document online access and synchronization problems, since the target file is avoided and the inline editing may result in the next access to the target file is unable to find a problem.
With the valve core (41) is rotated to the particular position, the first spool on catheter (411) and the first valve body through catheter (421) in the valve body internal communication, and the second spool 通液 tube (412) and the second valve body through catheter (422) in the valve body internal communication.
The MEMS display using the alternative as an optical path of the optical path switching switch having a routing node, in response to the sensitive, rapid, imaging display features.
The present invention provides a line physical parameters of the test apparatus, of the method and the on-board device.
Embodiments of the present invention discloses a body sensation input method involving body sensation input field, to solve the existing body sensation when there occurs a pause input to accurately determines that the end of the sensed input, causing the body to misinterpretation of inputting the sense of the invention.
Embodiments of the present invention there is provided an optical device, the optical multiplexing device and method, an optical add/drop multiplexing device, relates to optical communication art and reduce the cost performance, for improvement of the invention.
Using the present invention to achieve a passenger and a bidirectional adjustment 车次, improved vehicular resource utilization.
This electric automobile conduction test system is capable of charging interface temperature rise is charged by the current analog electric automobile by analyzing the variation where the corresponding parameters of the collected charging interface temperature rise, so as to allow external properties and its temperature as a comprehensive study and evaluation.
The viewing panel viewing screen arrangement effectively overcomes the traditional stereo view of right and left eyepiece spacing pieces of filter cannot be adjusted disadvantages of the human eye, and reduces the effects of differences in the interpupillary distance.
Embodiments of the present invention provides for adjusting the clock interrupt period method and apparatus.
After the application of embodiments of the present invention, it is possible to sufficiently securing the secure login information.
The present invention relates to an intelligent financial cards and information processing method.
The backlight unit of a package holder is fixed directly to the light guide plate, effectively defines the light source and the entrance surface of the light guide plate, the distance between the backlight unit is significantly optimizes the light coupling efficiency.
Through the above-mentioned management method is capable of dynamically adjusting is associated with the disc area of a disk cache, increasing the size of the groups of the application usage data disk cache hit ratio, increasing the disk cache space utilization efficiency of the input and output, and therefore improve system performance.
The above dynamic adjustment of the table top layout method and system, a computer storage media, which is able to change the desktop elements on a desktop, a request to adjust the area on the table top element which can be a flexible adjustment table top element, to meet different requirements.
The present invention is simple to operate, enabling the easy, improves the reading experience.
In the prior art are solved by the present invention due to the shape and size of the keys is adjusted to result in an application is operating in at the time when the technical problems of malfunction is easily generated, which increases the accuracy of an application is operating, the extension terminal types of services that can be supported, increases the flexibility of the mobile terminal applications.
The present invention also provides a local call is performed with a web page of a system.
By the above technical solution according to the invention, the convenience of the user the IC card 随时随地 refers to the information content of the IC card.
The present invention also discloses a method of improving the energy efficiency of the reader device performance, using the methods and devices of the present invention, the RFID system throughput reaches a maximum, thereby reducing the power consumption of the system, to prolong the time; the use of the system in reducing power consumption, while at the same time ensures that a rate of reading the tag reader.
Each pair of the first valve body 通液 tube (421) and a second valve body 通液 tube (422), respectively, and a separate detection cell (5) of the detection cell inlet (51) and the detection cell outlet (52) is connected.
Embodiments of the present invention relates to the Chinese character input method, by continuous sliding one complete a Chinese character input.
The present invention provides a summary of the process is carried out after the session is a telephone call, comprising: obtaining a service category attributes, the acquired with the pre-stored service category attributes of the one or more decision rules are matched, and outputs a decision rules that are matched to the incoming reason type.
The present invention, the SERDES function can be accomplished without the need for clock recovery circuit et al. functional modules, thus simplifying the SERDES processor or chips, the functional modules of the implementation of a much smaller volume becomes possible.
The structure of this invention is simple, low cost and easy to make standardized mass production using the generalization, ease of fabrication.
Compared to the prior art, the present invention is a wireless network access terminal does not need to be extended FLASH memory space, the wireless network access terminal will be acquired by the terminal from the host side, stored in the firmware program itself is an extension of the external RAM, and an operation terminal firmware program that interacts with the host side, completing the service.
The present invention also discloses a simultaneously supports multiple data units using any permutation device of this method and apparatus can reduce the data unit replacement circuit in the area occupied by the chip, while reducing the power consumption.
The control module is adapted to receive from a touch position and trajectory acquisition module output sense signals, a touch position and trajectory acquisition module of a touch is sensed by the motion trajectory of the closed circuit, the control module output file creation signal.
The device comprises: an identity credential information processing module, a secure data acquisition module and the interactive password-protected vector generation module.
Using the present invention can solve BUIW implemented in application and shows high quality is not part of the code, and the code of the difficulty of reconstruction is very large, resulting in a difficulty to Brew later maintenance application is very large, and in many cases are 牵一发而动全身, wasting a significant amount of resources of the problem.
The technical solution increases the rate at which the mobile terminal decodes the compressed file can also be used as the basis of the mobile terminal makes efficient use of storage space of the memory controller internal resources, in a memory internal to the decompressed file stored in the mobile terminal, the increase in the efficiency of the process of scheduling the requested page.
The present invention proposes a needs to be calculated based on the analysis factor as a data analyzing means and method.
The solution was removed from the client can be avoided, and an embedded module may be implemented simply and reliably, reduce cost upgrade firmware upgrade.
Using the approach of the invention, the stylus can be effective in reducing the power consumption of the system, may also be effective to increase the signal to noise ratio.
The present invention achieves a rapid detection of data reliability, and restore the error data objects, reducing system overhead.
With such a remote control with a touch pad, a mouse function on completion of a conventional remote controller function can be accomplished while the mouse function, thereby enabling the control of the multifunctional household products today.
The present invention discloses a wireless network access terminal and method of operating it, wherein the wireless network access terminal comprises an expanded external RAM, wireless network access terminal will be acquired by the terminal from the host side, the firmware program storing to the spread in the external RAM, and an operation terminal firmware program that interacts with the host side, completing the service.
Diarize mobile terminal automatically an implementation of the method and apparatus, the method comprising: detecting that a specified event is recorded after the specified event is detected by the time information and the location information of the mobile terminal.
Each first ports, respectively, and output the first level signal corresponding to one button connected to one end of each second ports, respectively, to output a second level signal corresponding to one button, and the other end of the connection.
The present invention provides a method and system to tag inventory, in the method described above, in the absence of label reply time slots which are in the state of the accounting of the tags from the reader receives a successful validation instructions, wherein, the successful acknowledgement command carries a parameter value is adjusted according to the parameter value; each tag counter value.
The present invention is disclosed having a Fourier Transform (FFT) radix-2 butterfly processing capabilities of the device and its method of operation is accomplished, at least comprising a latch, a complex multiplier, add-subtractor, switches, and the complex conjugate operator.
The housing accommodates the constituent components of the remote control.
The present invention discloses a terminal on the virtual key layout, wherein method and apparatus, the method comprising: terminal according to the received user command to the application configures a virtual key layout file when the application was started. the terminal in accordance with the virtual key layout file displayed virtual key.
The present invention discloses an on-chip interconnect bus arbitration method and system, all current can buffer a peripheral device when said peripheral device request, response or request can be cached, the initiating arbitration response signal to the external device.
The present invention discloses a secure digital card, a secure digital card and in the near field communications functionality is implemented on a method.
The present invention provides a method and system for updating the browser codes may be carried out without the addition of new cases of local calls the function, thereby enhancing the versatility of local calls.
The present invention provides a method and a reader, are better able to locate the tag.
The method and apparatus capable of protecting content of a screen display of a security, peek prevent others.
The arrangement comprises a first determination module and the second determination module.
The present invention provides a method for quantitative analysis of enoxaparin sodium oligosaccharide structure characteristic of the capillary electrophoresis method.
Suitable for the present invention applied to a solid state disk controller, a Flash memory controller, etc. to flash memory device is a storage medium, in the case of increasing the reliability of the flash memory device.
For the luminance channel may be first partial transformation is carried out, the image data is extracted in the transform domain, using a constant information across channel in the transform domain signal exhibits a different properties, more efficient extraction edge of the partial image data, texture, etc. information in the information providing better utilization of the chrominance channel image de-noise processing is carried out.
The flow-through multi-channel biochemical analyzer comprises an injection needle (3), a light source (7), the incident light channel, the detection cell (5), the photo detector (11), and a computer control system (13), further comprising a dispensing valve (4) and the first peristaltic pump (6).
A touch position and trajectory acquisition module adapted for sensing a judges whether the touch on the touch screen of the motion and position of the track, and outputs the sensed signal.
The user is provided with a touch-sensitive screen pictorial operator interface.
The present invention accordingly also discloses a hash table entries are deleted, the search method and hash table storage device.
The technical solution according to the present invention may be implemented according to the preferences of the user's own free introduced into and/or out of the resource file widget tool so that more flexibility and more consistent with the user's personalized requirements.
It also relates to a mobile work machine control system and a work machine. The methods and systems can improve the reliability of the work machine locking operation.
In the above manner, the system on the basis of the search has the function of the information distribution may be best satisfies the needs of different users.
The method comprises the steps of: acquiring a desktop elements; the desktop element is placed on a table top area; obtaining a request to change the desktop elements; said change request according to the adjusted on the desktop area table top element.
The present invention is used in the related art can resolve the single application environment, and a policy does not close the application using the scene and taking into account the user usage habits, easily close the user currently running applications, which in turn takes into account the problem of the user currently using the scene and usage habits, increasing the perception of the user experience.
Conclusion involving a network subscriber management system and applications to access method.
As disclosed in the present invention needs to be calculated based on the analysis of the apparatus and method of data analysis factor is easily extended analysis factor and parse rules may ensure that real-time performance and accuracy as required, and is able to calculate the analytical factor, thereby significantly improves the operating efficiency and performance of the system.
By the present invention, the effective saves the mobile terminal browser executes the script code compilation of overhead, allows the mobile terminal to the script code execution operation of the browser supports.
The present invention reduces the power consumption of the mobile terminal is a voice call, the mobile terminal to lengthen the time used in the cell, enhancing the user experience.
The invention also provides an opposing ends by means of a stylus on the terminal input method of the prior art, to solve the stylus cannot be used across different modes of operation, so that the problem of having to use more interest stylus, to improve the user experience degrees.
By the present invention, can be obtained by geological image processing to obtain a wide range of ground image.
The present invention provides a pharmaceutical for treatment of endocrine breast cancer patient prognosis and diagnosis of tumors of the breast, ovary, etc. the kit or composition, said kit or composition comprises an CUEDC2 protein antibody.
The present method can be applied to the commissioning of the item is analyzed to provide benefits of broke down into an electric sign loss calculations, management and network planning investment provide auxiliary 决策依据; while greatly reduces the amount of work personnel.
The present invention discloses an imaging system or the image output system in color distortion correction method and apparatus.
In the above manner, it is possible to improve a 便捷性 page views, in addition, the user is able to increase the value of operation of the electronic device.
The chamber is provided in the left eye and right eye lens rearward.
Using the invention, able to flood the network implementation of the integrated optimization of system performance.
A conventional remote control key is located on the lower half of the housing face; a mouse touch pad is located in the upper half of the housing face; the two mouse buttons located on the left side housing; an upper half of the mouse wheel is located on the right side of the upper half of the housing.
The present invention is increased by the above-described scheme, the touch screen display area of a mobile terminal, reduces the number of input from a user.
The present invention employs reverse horizontal displacement of the offset compensation structure, it is possible to completely overcame is not fixed to the free end of the cantilever arm, the horizontal offset problems.
The present invention discloses an embodiment of an operating system, method and apparatus for unlocking the forgotten password when the user personal information data can be released by means of a locking system, increasing the chances of a successful user is unlocked.
Discloses a backlight unit (200) and the backlight unit equipped with a liquid crystal display device.
A MEMS display, comprising, independently of the other pixel array region (I) and the light source (11).
The present invention decreases the third-party application on the user's terminal, the occupancy of the resources of the system is reduced by the third-party application development cost, the protection of the secure user account.
According to the present invention, to solve the 112 cannot be automatically switches to a different circuit test bench test is performed, the problem of provides an operating efficiency.
By the present invention to achieve the movement from the motion parameter identifies actions.
By the present invention, is able to seek time at minimal cost as well as a higher space efficiency is achieved a table of all entries stored without entry access legacy; while only enables accurate once a look up to the desired entry; while also facilitate the hardware implementation of the interface between the memory, it is possible to space size in the table look-up efficiency and hardware implementation aspects better balance.
A body fluid of the workstation and the online reagent loading method, system.
The method generally comprises: a slave node specified in the memory banks of the memory banks, is set to be critical in the master node key set the memory banks is the mirror image of the key of the memory banks in the memory banks, and the image data stored in the memory banks, and using the same image memory bank implements the slave node or the key of the memory banks of hot-plug processing.
The artificial microstructure by rational design of a meta-material allows different plies absorb electromagnetic waves of different frequency bands and meets the impedance matching characteristics.
The management software comprises ServiceControl and Widgets.
The resistive change through operation of the device can simultaneously achieve data storage and the multilevel addition operation, thereby simplifying the circuit configuration for implementing a uniform application stored and calculated.
The virtualization data recombinant method comprising: the backup management node obtains the virtualization software layer node configuration information of each virtual machine; the backup management node according to the configuration information for each virtual machine on the data in the memory space are recombined.
Invention discloses a method of identification attribute data card port and the device.
Viewing panel viewing screen apparatus may also include a displacement expander (9).
The physical isolation features having a testing apparatus, the peripheral circuit and special function circuit isolation on the physical space, and can avoid mutual interference between the component to be tested, and reducing cost.
Also provides the programming of the flash memory array architecture implemented method, may be programmed with a low power consumption.
Embodiments of the present invention may be applied in the handset or the like in the mobile terminal.
The system includes running a network application software, and a terminal connected via a network to a server terminal.
The light pen may be disposed within the synchronization signal transmitter and the signal receiving means is provided within the synchronization signal receiver, the signal reception apparatus may also be provided within the synchronization signal at the transmitter and receiver disposed within the stylus sync signals, two approaches were able to achieve pulse causes the emission time and the exposure time coincide, thereby achieving the objects of the present invention.
The present invention discloses a handset and keypad detecting means.
By the present invention, implements a radio frequency identification reader scans the barcode information, and because of the radio frequency identification reader can be scanned by the barcode information, so as to widen the range of use of the radio frequency identification reader.
The present invention accordingly also discloses a system and a radio frequency identification reader device.
As disclosed in the present invention is based on the parallel processing of the information file generation system and method is easy to operate, and may ensure that the real-time performance and accuracy can be improved work efficiency and performance of the system.
The present invention does not increase the service system loading condition, to meet the requirements of the marketing analysis.
By placing the key data stream is combined with the fuzzy control means, it is possible to effectively prevent the RTL level IP core fraudulent use as well as reverse engineering.
The present invention discloses a virtualized environment for managing resources in a system comprising the OSS and its associated NMS and EMS, service delivery platform, a master, slave, a network switch and the shared storage devices.
The present invention discloses a 种微技 widget resource to import and export of the method and apparatus, which process includes in a configuration file widget tool, and in addition resource tags in said resource tag was added to allow in and/or out of the list of resource files, to the addition of the asset tag; a widget tool for baling publication.
编写出 sets of HT by means of an FPGA bus interface can be implemented more 龙芯 connected to CPU chipset, implemented on a motherboard on which at the same time debug more chipset.
The local bus according to the present invention the address, data and control signals through the serializer and deserializer 主控板 transmission is achieved for a high speed connection to an interface board, to methods for reducing the hardware cost and improving system operating speed of effect.
Through the above technical aspect, a display to the effect on the display screen to be adjusted, ensures that the display of the display screen, enables the user to effect a greatly increased user experience.
The present invention discloses a method and apparatus that belongs to pre-reading mobile terminal applications.
The present invention also discloses a means for providing a list of applications.
By designing the panel toward the material on the core layer and the graded layer and respective changes in the refractive index between the electromagnetic wave emitted by the radiation source is converted into a plane wave, thereby increasing the convergence properties of the antenna, significantly reducing the reflection loss, also prevents a decrease in the amount of electromagnetic energy, enhancing the transmission distance, improving antenna performance.
If the vertical direction is provided with a sleeve 2 reverse mounting of the same structure of the micro-cantilever suspension testing tools that better.
The present invention provides a debug 龙芯 CPU and 南北桥 chip method and apparatus. The apparatus comprises a HT bus interface as well as the corresponding switches, and through the HT bus interface coupled to the CPU and the core 接龙 南北桥 chip.
The baseband chip comprising at least two of the at least two first port, a second port, and an interrupt ports.
Embodiments of the present invention discloses a data processing nodes, system and method relates to the computer arts, the flexible extension of the computer system may be implemented.
The flash memory, to establish the estimated error with the programming method of erase and write errors using a flash memory device, a priori data in a particular physical signal to previously estimated error rate of a flash memory device is a flash memory, an error correction algorithm to provide a suitable error estimation.
The present invention may be automatically recorded for the owner diary, provides the user with convenience.
Using the invention, enables the laser ablation plasma formation of a more uniform, more consistent with local thermal equilibrium (LTE) conditions, to increase the reproducibility of measurements, increasing the laser induced breakdown spectroscopy technique of elemental measurement accuracy.
Using the present invention ensures that regardless of the occurrence of errors, the upgrade data of the terminal device is able to preserve the normal use; if the memory catastrophic damage occurs, can prompt the user for servicing.
The present invention enables system simulation, is provided to the optimized system design, the effective support system design greatly decreases with increasing risk that the construction design efforts to design a confidence level.
The present invention on-chip interconnect bus arbitration techniques, in case of a single device to request the bus arbitration signal are continuously available, thus greatly increases the transmission efficiency of the bus.
Disclosed is a security information interaction device and method increases the flexibility and efficiency of the information processing system and the operational load balancing, and increases the security of the information processing system.
Compared to the prior art, the present invention is that the beneficial effect of improving user in perspective, moves the head position of the virtual image also moves as a result of the problem of perspective is not authentic.
In addition, the FPC test line also because of the single service life prolongation of the test line, so that the FPC purchase fee is significantly reduced, thereby reducing the cost of the stand alone PCBA is such that the product produced is relatively more 价格优势.
The present invention discloses a wireless network access terminal, without the use of a FLASH memory terminal firmware program, by avoiding a terminal FLASH abnormalities caused by the failure of the upgrade and cannot be used, and reduces the cost of the wireless network to the access terminal.
The present invention also provides a secure digital card, which include the above the PCB.
Since the present invention uses provided in the transaction information for the transaction confirmation display screen of the device, thus obviating the need for display of information in the electronic signature tool sets the display module, a reduction in the cost of the electronic signature tool, increasing the portability of the electronic signature tool.
The compression method comprising the steps of: setting a type module; in bytes test file searching for the original row by row, and the original data of the test file with the type of matching module is arranged to determine a type of the data in the row for the successive; a, of the same type of data is compressed and the compressed portion characterizing each thumbnail.
In addition, a virtualization server updates and upgrades need be performed only for one image, i.e., all the nodes are synchronized to the virtual server is not only saves the cost of maintenance, shortening the maintenance time can be reduced or avoided altogether, and updates and upgrades the error probability in the process.
The present invention proposes a parallel processing based on the information file generation system and method.
The present invention discloses a wireless data terminal management method, comprising: transmitting a wireless data terminal is stored in a management software in the wireless data terminal, a wireless data terminal connected to a PC running the machine; a management software in a wireless data terminal, a wireless data terminal for the user to manage the user of the PC; the current data with the operator of user data stored on a server for synchronization.
Different terminal is accomplished in a unified user interface display of the virtual keyboard, the user due to the replacement of the terminal is reduced due to accommodate different operating costs of a virtual keyboard, to provide increased user experience.
A set of methods and performance thresholds, user interface module belonging to the product technical field.
The present invention may effectively increase the prediction accuracy of the indirect jump instruction, so as to improve the processor and its application in overall system performance.
The image processing method and apparatus, the bandwidth savings, increase data transmission speed.
The method and apparatus of the present invention, the development process is greatly simplified logic in the process flow, to solve the asynchronous message interaction mechanisms logic processing flow complex issues.
The present invention may be implemented as the mobile terminal of the buyer or the seller is Pos transaction, and to avoid the inconvenience of mobile Pos machine carrying more convenient, ensuring that the POS transaction to be flexible.
The present invention provides a monitoring a plurality of database server system and method.
There is provided a control method and a control device, a mobile display object and a display device, a method and an electronic device.
The present invention has a touch-sensitive drawing processing systems and methods available for a plurality of users within the same operator interface and is drawing on the picture is stored, respectively.
The method comprising: selecting a north bridge support HT bus and the south bridge; the CPU 龙芯 南北桥 chip with the pins into the debug apparatus; the debug 龙芯 CPU stitch; as well as the presence or absence of bug, connecting the respective pins and debugging.
The present invention is created in the user terminal the official applications, official applications provided by the Open Platform SDK Open Platform API is implemented with an interactive; official application provides the user terminal operating system application URL format having a protocol to bind the official URL format by the application, and the protocol to the third party application provides an interaction interface.
The present invention enables the workload of a set of threshold values are smaller and the probability of an error in operation is much lower.
To provide a communication network based on a 门禁系统 (10) and a communication network based on a 门禁系统 (10) operating method.
The device is achieved by the automatic addition of a reagent to a plate, an automatic collection.
Embodiments of the present invention discloses a method and device address access cache management, relates to solve the technical field of the same address is read and write requests stored sequence generated when processing the head-of-line blocking.
Wherein the security information does not need to be able to perform the interactive device 联机处理 business functions.
A socket-defining solid hard disk, is used to make full use of the chassis is free space.
The present invention is based on the communications network by 门禁系统 (10) and method of operation, may ensure that the user 随时随地 immediately understand the visitor conditions, as well as for real time communication with the visitor, avoiding the user due to the egress or not timely listening room intercom terminal (20) carries out a conversation with the visitor is missed.
By the embodiment of the present invention in the node key from the memory banks and the host node in the memory banks constituting a mirror image of the mirror, the mirror is implemented using the memory banks from node or the key of the memory banks of hot-plug processing.
A touch-sensitive drawing processing system that includes a touch screen, touch position and trajectory acquisition module, the control module, and a file creation module.
Embodiments of the present invention relates to an enumeration of input and output devices (IO devices) method and apparatus.
The prior art due to the reduction in order to obtain data one by one while the data feedback delay caused by parallel data acquisition and improves the efficiency of the data acquisition, data may be fed back to the user a timely, enhancing the user's satisfaction data.
In addition, the present invention also discloses a system of rescue of the device.
Provided by embodiments of the present invention may be a solution, for a user to select a target letter after the information display area is locked, the information displayed in the information display area to avoid the user selected malfunction occurs when the target information.
A processor comprising a flush command receiving unit, the BIOS files read unit and the wake up unit.
This method allows for the spatial data to spatial data that is capable of processing the individual coordinate points in the view to be displayed in the window is required to be drawn by the pixels, in accordance with a correlation between the increase in efficiency and accuracy in the process.
The technical solution according to the present invention, the wireless communications terminal completely avoided in mounting the Ul software and data card driver that takes place during a compatibility problem with an operating system of a PC.
The present invention discloses a method of performing an electronic bookmark and device, wherein the electronic bookmark, implement a method comprising: detecting an operation to a file is performed according to the file, and an operation performed by the file, a bookmark content for synchronous operation.
The present invention is on the housing of the terminal by adding a pressure-sensitive device such that the terminal has achieved through the housing of the function of the mechanical experience human-computer interaction, and on this basis, the spread and other functions related applications, the increase of the user when the user uses the handset is pleasing degrees.
The photosensitive composition of the present invention is suitable for the preparation of a chemical treatment is kept free from the infrared sensitive lithographic printing plate, the present invention is a lithographic printing plate, a mesh point 还愿 high sensitivity with good resistance upon exposure to an infrared light source can be rinsed with tap water, or directly without any processing steps in the printing machine, and may result in an increased resistance to print force.
Embodiments of the present invention are primarily used for access control address in a treatment process.
The present invention discloses a terminal desktop processing system and method, a terminal and a server.
The present invention by the deployment of the FPC test line of a plurality of parallel, when one of the socket connector sockets can not be used to severe wear can be used when the next slot as the test connector, thus extending the useful life of the FPC test line, reduces maintenance and put in the manual registration maintenance procedure is packaged in a test station is in a pause state, improves the efficiency of the overall test.
The technical solution according to the present invention, the electronic device causes the touch screen increased user experience for a user's operation, more continuous, flexible.
By setting the sensor sensing element has a shape and a permanent magnetic bias field in order to inductively orthogonal magnetic field component.
Using the present artificial electro-magnetic material selected, since the substrate is transparent to visible light, and therefore the material capable of generating a response, so as to cause the visible light converging, diverging, deflection, and the like.
There is also provided an error obtained genomic sequence is determined, which is based on a method comprising all of the k-mer k-mer depth information.
Embodiments of the present invention discloses a method and terminal 査 find information relating to communications art 査 find information, to solve the problem of the inconvenience during operation.
The present invention can be applied to the intelligent vehicle system to the electronic parking payment scheme does not prevent fraudulent use onboard unit.
The 门禁系统 (10) comprising: an outdoor intercom terminal (30) and indoor intercom terminal (20), said indoor intercom terminal (20) includes a communication module (22) for indoor intercom terminal (20), the call is not in response to a predetermined terminal number.
The system includes: partitioning module, a virtual machine load module, and a data read/write module, the present invention provides a method and system for operating a plurality of virtual machine is avoided in the same image file on the reading or writing of the collision problem.
In the manner described above, the present invention is able to rapidly and efficiently on various barcode decode, enables the user to quickly and accurately grasp various barcode barcode information.
The present invention proposes a system and method security information interaction.
The present invention enables text browsing interface appears on a string search for enabling fast network, to improve the user experience.
The present invention proposes the modeling method takes into account the body tie structure in the exit portions of the effect of parasitic transistors, the model created by this method is more accurate series can reaction of the floating body and the body tie structure of an SOI structure of a field effect transistor and the actual operating conditions, increasing the electrical characteristics of the model to be and effect.
The method of the invention is solved by the device in the prior art, the user looks at in the course of maintenance system state information when the operating efficiency is low, and the problem of lack of flexibility in use.
Based on the wireless connection to the fitting manner, it is achieved that the security authentication and configuration. Host and the process increases the security of the communication process between the fitting.
The control means includes an acquisition module for acquiring the user's eyewear position change information; and a correction module for the user's eyewear according to the change of the position of the corrected image information display screen.
The present invention discloses a data acquisition method, comprising: receiving at least one first data acquisition request, the first data acquisition request carries data in selected conditions; according to the data obtained at all conditions are selected so as to satisfy the conditions under which the data extracting data identification; according to the data identification, parallel access to all the data to identify a corresponding data, returns the corresponding data.
The present invention also provides a memory monitoring device.
According to the embodiment of the present invention can be enumerated system, the operation of the IO devices assigned to the plurality of processors are performed simultaneously, thereby greatly reducing the time consumed by the enumeration process, speeding up the system initialization process.
The present invention discloses a method and apparatus to a human, the method comprising obtaining human eye feature parameters and the human eye with respect to the position of the terminal display parameters according to at least one of a human eye, said characteristic parameters and/or the human eye relative to the position of the terminal display parameters to the display on a terminal display image is preset adjustment.
Apparatus comprising: an acquisition module, determination module, and adjusting and output module.
In the above manner, the handset of the present invention and its key is detected in the mobile phone keypad device is capable of supporting two or more keys pressed at the same time at the time of the detection.
There is provided a method of obtaining a genome size.
The application of the present invention, the user does not modify the existing in the case of a mobile terminal that implements the precise positioning of the mobile terminal for indoor positioning easy, convenient, and use of people have broad applicability.
The present invention discloses an open platform Agent access methods and apparatus for solving the third party application platform embedded SDK cause resource occupation is too large, the cryptographic security is not high, and URL format interaction interface is limited by the parameter format cannot upload local file et al. technical problems.
By means of this method and apparatus capable of effectively reduces the time required for a device is reset, the process is accelerated by device is reset.
Embodiments of the present invention there is provided a method of obtaining a virtual keyboard, virtual keyboard art involved.
For sheet erection was placed behind the chamber.
The present invention discloses a radio frequency identification tag reader is positioned using the method as well as the radio frequency identification reader.
The present invention provides an 12 C device access method and apparatus for improving the efficiency of the access device 12 C, as well as access, decrease the stability of the load of the CPU.
With the left eyepiece lens adjustment mechanism connected and right eyepiece, adjusting the left eyepiece and the spacing between the right eyepiece.
The present invention also discloses that the corresponding mobile terminal, the mobile terminal comprising: a receiving module and the storage control module.
The present invention provides a vehicle data information acquisition method, which in at least two vehicle data information acquired in the recording apparatus, each vehicle data information according to each vehicle data information carried in a vehicle identification information for each vehicle data information is matched in the match is successful, and generates a piece of the corresponding vehicle data information matching results.
The present invention also provides a touch-sensitive drawing processing method.
The present invention also discloses an apparatus for application loading, using the method and apparatus of the present invention, improved efficiency, which is advantageous for the terminal compiles maintenance, independent application execution is achieved when the service functions.
Using the present invention, the Symbian platform can be implemented on a magnifying lens function, to ensure that the user requires a self correct selection of text.
Using this web page reading method, it is possible for the current web page content is completed before the full display pre-reading lower page web content, and the completion of the current web page content after reading the lower page immediately enters a web content, thereby omitting a waiting time of reading the lower page web content, which in turn enhances the user's reading experience.
The present invention Chinese speech affective point extraction method is the binding of the semantic information of a Chinese speech mood-recognition studies provided the basis, the Chinese speech affective point modeling method achieves a high efficiency mood-recognition of the speech.
The method comprises: establishing a data path of a client with an embedded module, wherein the data channel for the embedded in the client module; a firmware upgrade is performed through a data channel, the upgrade data writing an embedded module.
Also disclosed herein is a method of login security information and a keyboard.
A flow multi-channel biochemical analyzer and analysis method.
Wherein the method comprises: 安全类 software for processing equipment according to the safety state based on detection results of the windows of the style, the window is selected for processing, the display corresponding to the result of the detection window.
Saving bandwidth resources by the present invention, to improve the user experience.
To improve the reliability of the processor starts.
The present invention effectively lifting of the processor, memory access delay containment capability.
The present invention discloses a browser of a script processing method and system, the method comprising: a client of the user request Uniform Resource Locator (URL) is sent to a proxy server, proxy server corresponding to the URL of the requested page, an Internet server, and the Internet server returns a page of the script code is compiled into a binary byte code before transmission to the client. the client to perform a binary byte code.
The oil and water fraction measurement for the electrode structures and devices.
The present invention provides a stereoscopic display control method and apparatus, the method comprising: obtaining a user's eyewear position change information; and the user's eyewear according to the change of the position of the corrected image information display screen.
The solution of the invention incorporating the features of the software itself 安全类, proposes a has in one window style according to the processing device may be at a different detection results are shown of a window protocol, the user may, through the smart display window of the visually perceived by a processing device, so that the current security status of the software by 安全类 skin resurfacing techniques to intuitive, vividly informs the user that the secure processing apparatus is used or whether a risk.
The method and apparatus can be implemented such that the population of visually obstructed by the haptic to accept a text and/or image information.
The present invention is achieved with minimal effort to the development of mobile device screen rotates a JAVA application interface techniques to follow the rotation of the rotatable screen, so that the mobile device owns a more complete user experience lift.
Further, the method further comprising the source port of a unified data bits wide, the address bits wide, the address unit bits wide and the unified each source port and a destination port of the clock signal.
The present invention is provided by a multicore processor system, enhancing the multicore processor efficiency and performance of the system.
The present invention discloses a support multiple data units of any permutation method, comprising: configuring any permutation N data elements in a data unit; a pattern of substitution, in accordance with a pattern configuration on the N data unit performs a permutation operation.
The present invention discloses a recipient information is added in a method and apparatus involving communications art. To solve the prior art cannot be edited according to the user the information content of the addressee information added to the problem of the invention.
Embodiments of the present invention is not dependent upon initialization of the memory may be, without the need for a handoff of the CPU address mode, it does not affect the efficiency of the operation of the CPU, and thereby assist in the daughter card initialization is performed in advance.
Electromagnetic refined object detecting means of the formula
A system and method for user interaction
The virtual memory region traverses a query, the method and device
Acquisition of the virtual keyboard method, apparatus, and system
The light guide plate and the backlight module
The backlight module
A smooth model based on a three dimensional grid of image detail enhancement method
The backlight module and the back panel of the backlight unit
Microstructure implement multidimensional quasi-phase matched target waveguide grating, and a process for the preparation of bulk grating
Radioactive waste liquid treatment process
An operation of a method and system for a plurality of virtual machine
Moveable mirror laser aiming device, a movable mirror target surface sensor and its laser aiming process
Time delay adjustment method and the data converter
The virtualization environment in a system for managing resources and their realization method
Sulfur hexafluoride online humidity meter checking means and verification method
For the phase change memory AL-SB-TE series of the phase change material and methods of preparing
To communicate using a barcode image to a method, apparatus, and the mobile terminal
Gas chromatography-mass inverse gas chromatography analysis means is used in combination with
Smart power meter full automation of the assay system
Patent document data output method, terminal and system
An information distribution and search function having an information distribution system and method
Prompt message presentation method, a terminal and a server
A software protection method and apparatus
A method and apparatus to the processor initiates
A disabled mode management
A 3 D stereoscopic display and methods of making the polarizer
The authentication method and electronic device
Method and apparatus to update the document
A light source module and a backlight module
Concentrated to recharge the power meter of an intelligent terminal and a control method thereof
The fitting of the security verification, the configuration method and wireless communication device
A multilevel addition calculation can be realized by a resistive change device and the multilevel addition calculation method of
A control terminal screen, as well as methods of terminal
A semiconductor memory array and its programming method
Urban real-time traffic road condition information accuracy evaluation method and apparatus
A ground fault for the power line fault display of the automatic positioning means
A novel integrated circuit card
The pen body type mouse, and the device is combined with a microphone
A wireless power transmission device for a cradle adjustment means
An extraction MOS tube along the channel of the charge distribution method
A capacitive sensor and its detection method
A strip of insulating coating containing the electrode rod and an electrode rod fiber welder
The intermediate server, mobile browsing method and system
The electronic tag tamper implemented method and the electronic tag
A tamper device and GPS rover target monitoring terminal
An ambient brightness detecting means
The computer system and a method of configuring the clock
With the guide flap delivery
The terminal and switching method
The stylus and the mobile terminal
For a rear alignment apparatus and method
Application object processing method and electronic device
The backlight unit by means of a heat treatment
A light emitting diode display device, and a display panel
A Fresnel lens 种菲涅 induction method and system
Based on the method of implementing a NFC audience subdivided system, a server, and
A display control method and system
An FPC test line
An optoelectronic chip assembly and packaging process
Data synchronization method and apparatus
The droplet and the droplet control process measurement method
A flow multi-channel biochemical analyzer
A self-test function having an intrusion alert system
A method and data read from the memory controller
Based on the parameters of the model of Klebsiella 狄利 potential inference methods, a computing device and system
The intermediate hopper function with a cargo transaction delivery systems, methods, and a computer readable recording medium
Based on Mie scattering and perturbation of the speckle cancellation means drive
Portable laser light engine arrangement of a spectrum analyzer
The line treatment plate and the switched network system
The plated layer facing the inner direction of the test gas permeability test apparatus and method thereof
The manufacturing method of the toner
An audio encoding method and apparatus
A reverse plating method of antireflection film
An image processing method and apparatus
Endocrine therapy for breast cancer prognosis of molecular markers of new CUEDC2 protein
The audio and video file play position for locating a method, apparatus, and computer program storage medium
Based on a tree structure of mass data storage apparatus and method
A virtual machine system of an access control method and system
The video image display method and apparatus
The data operation method, device, and computer
The spot continuous trading systems, methods, and computer readable recording medium
Based on laser induced breakdown spectroscopy to increase measurement accuracy of elements of the method and system
The USB memory module and a USB memory
A method and apparatus to monitor memory
Resource candidates for determining a ranking of the results of a method, apparatus and equipment
For reducing the power consumption of a display screen implementing the method and system
The variable speed or a fixed-speed blower air blast computing system
Computer starting method of conversion method, an activation device, state and the state transition device
A fast input method and apparatus 表情符号
Metallic material two-dimensional parabolic focus X-ray composition, a method for producing a refractive lens
The service database backup, recovery method and apparatus
A three-color warning lantern
Based on the contrast of the color histogram and global picture visual significance calculation method
A digital watermark work having the copyright protection characteristics and their generation method
Multimedia with water management system intelligent control platform
In the distributed computer system of memory management method and apparatus
An LED light source structure and the backlight module
Geologic information processing method and device of the
Data communication between the card and the host abnormal repair methods and data card
A method of detecting 四磨汤 formulation
Based on the method of web page reading of the mobile terminal, the mobile terminal device and a web page reading
A method for determining the HMG-COA reductase inhibitor concentration method of
光栅尺 having linear feedback control means based on a shaking table system
One implementation of an indirect jump prediction value association means
Mie scattering and Brownian motion based upon a speckle cancellation means
A touch screen functionality implemented method and apparatus
LED light source assembly, a backlight module and the liquid crystal display device
A page color setting method, a Web browser and the web server
Display module, electronics and control method for an electronic device
The graft resource to import and export, a method and apparatus
A web browser, and implementing the picture display process of adding and comments
A complexed metal detection method of the odor-controlling compound
A card reader/writer and the tag between the dynamic authentication method and the means for realizing
An electrical power system creates a calculation method of a substation falling loss rate
Stereoscopic dynamic image display table
A method and system for retrieving
The IC is provided for the I/O configuration tool parameters of the configuration method
The mobile terminal in a software upgrade fails the method of restoring the original software
A concurrent access methods, systems, and interface means
A browser of a script processing method and system
智能家居 system and its working method
A nuclear power installation method of the main conduit, the coolant system
The data processing method and apparatus, the PCI-E bus system, server
The backlight control method, apparatus, and a 3 D display system
Mobile payment system, the mobile terminal and the mobile payment service implementation method
A stereoscopic display control method and apparatus
Information searching method and system
To increase the stability of the computer system, method and computer system
The LED display box
Touch-sensitive deletion processing system and method
Mobile terminal and its decoding method
In response to the electronic device and the touch screen functionality of the touch 可点 positioning method
The control method, a control device, a display device, and the electronic device
Paramagnetic characteristics based on the magnetic nanoparticles of a remote temperature measuring method
A power consumption reduction method call of the mobile terminal and the mobile terminal
The foot meridian points reflective zone speech panels
Encoding/decoding processing method, the encoder/decoder with the terminal
The touch sensing device of a noise reduction processing method and system
Liquid crystal display
Peroxiredoxin IV antibody specific to rheumatoid arthritis in vitro early in the manufacture of a diagnostic agent for use in the
Concurrent optimized BPMN combinational service execution engine and method
Based on the material and the material of the antenna panel
The backlight module and its heat dissipating coating is applied in a manner
The automated analysis apparatus and the sample analysis method
Three dimensional space was shaken under test apparatus and method
The liquid crystal display module and its response speed adjustment method
An indirect jump value association implemented method of predicting the
Storing the data security method and apparatus
A CPU utilizing giant page is mapped to reduce resource consumption method and apparatus
A business process script form represents the value added to the implementation of the method and system
A packet of a concurrent treatment method and apparatus
An inter-processor transmission parameters, the method and device of
The compensation function with deferred delivery of cargo transaction delivery systems, methods, and a computer readable recording medium
A wavelength division multiplexer, an optical switch device and light switch control method
The display drive processing methods, apparatus, and system
The vanes vane static loading station and static test system
A method and apparatus of a data query
Software handover method and apparatus
The laser array and optical module
The body tie structure SOI field effect transistor equivalent electrical models and modeling method
The electronic device and its function control method
Peroxiredoxin IV in rheumatoid arthritis in vitro diagnostic reagent is prepared for use in the
The optical switch system and a signal optical feedback control method
Patterning is converted into a service of the business process script method and apparatus
A silicon based monolithically integrated sonar matrix
Wireless 尿湿 alarm and paper urine product
An advertising display for a three-dimensional stereoscopic imaging apparatus and method
Touch sensing apparatus and control method thereof and the touch sensing device having an electronic device
An operating system of the unlocking method and apparatus
The generation method of the application icon and the terminal equipment
A soft keyboard display method and mobile terminal
A high voltage converter of intelligent integrated development test system and its setup method
The data acquisition method, apparatus, and system
A mask with a computer keyboard may lock
A human-computer interaction device
The method and device of the interactive electronic device
A pixel structure and its driving method
Cartridge
For fabricating integrated close packing of the guitar beam configuration
A secure digital card, a secure digital card and in the near field communications functionality is implemented on a method
The liquid crystal display module and its front bezel configurations
The terminal software installation method, apparatus, and system
An electronic book page number recognition method and apparatus and an e-book
The storage system, the device and its connection configuration method
The basic input/output system memory multiprocessor flush method, and apparatus
A capacitor detection device of
The positioning method and terminal
A software protection method
The microarray can be upgraded dynamically the method, system, and the baseboard management controller
A system and method for data storage
A compact DLP micro projector module
Dissolved oxygen control based on a fuzzy neural network in a waste water treatment method and system
A graphics rendering apparatus and drawing method
The sequence using a pan of the fluence of the parameter control process can flood the network
The magnetic sensor chip as well as the magnetic sensor
Based on an intelligent Andriod powered control device, system and method
The multi-processor architecture of the remote memory access method and simulator simulates
The distributed computing method and distributed computing system
A USB device to automatically identify the method and system of the operating system
A DNA sequence data compression system
A cross-language search method and apparatus
Embodiments of the present invention that provide a predicted method, since the prediction direction with the spread of pixels in the image based on the correlation of the prediction direction from the available or is similar to the current block is higher in adjacent blocks of the reference pixel is obtained, it is possible to obtain a better coding efficiency.
A method and system of the present invention is employed to reduce the pilot overhead LTE/LTE-Advanced, lifting capacity of the system.
The present invention by the called terminal in the color ring tone to the multimedia message response of the AS is carried in the media information, multimedia color ring tone AS need not go through a separate signaling obtains the media information to the called terminal, conserving network resources.
By the present invention for laser crossover point voltage feedback control, it is possible to suppress electroabsorption modulated laser, a drift of the intersection of the improved jitter performance optical eye diagrams, decreasing the bit error rate of the transmitting end module, and thereby lift the optical transceiver module of one of the overall performance.
Controlling the drive unit (23) to the sampling unit (22) is connected, on the basis of the surge signal, generates a driving control signal for controlling the switching unit (21) is turned on or off.
The present invention relates to an antenna including a first line, the sheet metal piece, the first piece of sheet metal with an oppositely disposed second piece of sheet metal.
The control means includes a cross point control module.
Due to the long distance, can be applied to the short-range, metropolitan et al. different application scenarios and different signal rate, reduce the network architecture implementation cost.
Within the first region of the refractive index increases as the radius decreases continuously from the n1, n2 to within the second region of the refractive index increases as the radius decreases continuously from n3 and n4, n3, n2 and satisfying >.
Significant convenience for the user, thereby facilitating the use of the promotional services for the mobile operator.
The present invention discloses a shared audio and/or video method.
The method comprising the steps of: acquiring said mobile terminal when a call to acquire a network information; the mobile terminal's current supply voltage value; according to the network information, current supply voltage value, and the pre-stored corresponding relationship table, obtains the remaining talk time; the acquisition of the remaining talk time prompts to the user.
Embodiments of the present invention provides a state switching method, the activation timer to activate the method and the user equipment.
Embodiments of the present invention discloses an acquisition terminal method of communication link quality, network access devices and systems.
The present invention discloses a machine type communication (MTC) device triggered method and system.
The invention on data that made the CQI calculation conditions, a reasonable set of link adaptation to assure system performance and efficiency.
The present invention is received in a MBMS service binding status is changed, the current state, the UE sends the MBMS service or not to report the reception status information, the network side when the handover is performed, reference may be made to the MBMS service reception status information, to ensure the continuity of the UEs receive the MBMS service.
A control unit comprising: a transmitter that receives the first external command according to a first external commands configuration data processing unit; the modulation format of a control unit of the receiver receives a second external command, according to the second external commands configuration data recovery unit of demodulation format.
The present invention in case of dual mode or multi mode may provide more iso system is used, the GAP routine of the system and the measuring of the cell search, improves the overall performance of the system.
The present invention can reduce the neighbor cell is operating at the same resources between the user terminal data on the mutual interference of the enhanced uplink control signal, the detection performance.
The present methods and systems for the MBMS service, it is possible that the counting process, insuring that the MCE is defined at a certain time can be completed within the counting process, thereby ensuring smooth MBMS counting procedure is performed on the basis of the MCE, ensures a long wait does not enter into the process and does not affect the subsequent count process proceeds, and thus reduces the latency of the system, to improve the user experience degrees.
There is also provided a master device and a method of making device.
By the present invention to the IP address of the terminal and the UICC flexible configuration of the terminal or the UICC, avoiding the IP address of the access terminal with the external network IP address conflict, ensures that the terminal and the UICC, between the terminal and the UICC to communication between an external network availability.
The present invention proposes a network to access a seamless handover method and system.
In summary, the present invention is applicable to the base station to the relaying node link without incurring additional signaling overhead, ensure that the backward compatibility (compatible LTE system), also solve the relay chain sub-frame upstream authorization information when the handover is configured to transmit uplink data between timing problems.
The present invention provides a service processing method and the service processing system.
The present invention also provides a MIMO antenna.
The present invention discloses a variation on a wired port cooperating with a centralized point-to-multipoint data transmission method.
In the present invention the statistical results for the UEs, according to handover on the basis of the extent of the fault is determined to be necessary, the revised parameters as well as the various parameters of the revision level, so as to enable improved, while optimizing speed can also increase from the optimum performance.
The present invention provides a data migration session in implementing the method and node.
Specifically for the terminal stores the buffer size is smaller than a rate matcher buffer size in the case of this prior art solution to a solution to the case of a solution to the problem of the lack of corresponding.
In this embodiment of the technical solution, the TA value update can be guaranteed in the handling of the signaling overhead is low, and is able to efficiently implement the TA in the UE is updated and maintained.
The present invention also discloses a method for carrying out the above-described method of initiating a plurality of MBMS counting process system, as well as multiple cell/multicast co-ordinating entity and a base station. Aspects of the present invention, for a conventional MBMS MBMS counting procedure in the system for a preferred supplementary, enhancing the quality of service of the MBMS system, enhancing the effect of the UE user experience.
The method is applied to LTE, comprising: a pair of transport blocks in the code block is performed sequentially, each transport block is then checked to acquire code block corresponding intermediate information; using intermediate information CRC24B check correct code block replacing the original data of the transport block, a CRC check is performed.
Employing aspects of the present invention, the increase of the high-speed data rate, in turn, can cover the bearer establishment is at the beginning of the load balancing implemented in each cell, the load balancing and increasing the cell edge and the throughput of the system.
The terminal equipment configured to: use of identification (UID) as addressing identifications, the UID includes a lower section (UID_ L) and a high range (UID_ H), said lower section using the IP address space, the high side of the UID for increasing the number of bits, the extended address space.
The base station, respectively, for different attribute terminal measured radio resource usage.
Embodiments of the present invention also provides a corresponding device.
The handset comprising: a shooting direction for judging whether or not the handset is taken by a portrait orientation detection module, means for receiving the result of determination of the direction detection module of the image processing module. When taking a portrait orientation is taken, the image processing module for the captured image is rotated.
In this application, the base station common search space of the PDCCH CSS and user specific search space UESS resource location information to the terminal.
The present invention relates to the field of communications, discloses a variation on a proxy gateway for https request for access control, a method and apparatus for improving the security of the proxy gateway application system.
The present application state control Example discloses a method, device, and the portable terminal.
Embodiments of the present invention also provides for a MIMO mode configuration device.
Embodiments of the present invention to provide a closed between session with the access terminal, the method and apparatus.
While the first substrate is formed by crystal growth of the thickness and itself, there is no problem of the stress, avoiding unnecessary stress in the first substrate, thereby improving the performance of the devices are formed.
The present invention discloses a cell access indication methods, the cell selection method and apparatus, the cell access indication methods comprising: a base station broadcast network access control information, the network access control information for indicating whether or not to allow the base station's cell specific rating, a particular access class or support for a specific service access terminal.
Artificial microstructure which can influence the electromagnetic waves propagating in the plane of the electric field vector.
The system comprising: an antenna switch control module, and said antenna switching control module is connected to at least two of the antenna switch.
The present invention relates to the field of communications, discloses a direct current power source of the DC power supply, battery protection device and method in a direct current power source of the abnormality is no delay and smooth handover to battery power to a load, the uninterruptible power supply to ensure that the system, and is compatible with many types of battery protection requirements.
The terminal comprising: a control module, which is arranged after the detection of the terminal housing after detachment of the event triggering shut down module that is configured to shut down module; a trigger in the terminal housing is performed after removal event corresponding to the shutdown procedure.
The present invention relates to a media message processing method and apparatus.
The present invention discloses a way to achieve multiple uplink link automatic probing method and the home gateway device.
The present invention also provides a corresponding mobile device.
The present invention provides terminals with different weight maintenance inter-site RRC connection establishment scheme.
The feed portion is electrically connected to the first radiating structure of a first line of radiation away from a tip of the mirror.
Embodiments of the present invention can be more effectively eliminated uplink intra-cell co-channel interference, after the transmission of the high interference indication (HII) information, and the information for the more precise targeted, whereas in the case of the neighbor that is effective to reduce the effects of co-channel interference, thereby improving spectral efficiency.
The invention, in each physical pixel position has two separate pixels, which permits the system resolution is decreased, legislative body without any flat display is fully compatible with the display, is simple to operate, the resolution is high.
Using the above ring network bearer service available from two directions, so as to reach the bearer service is maximized.
According to the present invention can avoid in a phonebook records associated with multiple users is stored, a storage space is wasted, effective to lift the user experience.
The present invention discloses a transmitted over the backhaul link (a method of measuring the reference signal.
Embodiments of the present invention can save PDCCH resources.
Embodiments of the present invention is used in determining the user device is authenticated, then the digest from the HSS to request the corresponding authentication parameters obtained using the request and an authentication parameters on the user equipment for digest authentication, thereby causing the GAA architecture is capable of supporting a digest authentication method implemented in the user equipment, the effective authentication.
The present invention provides a method based on shutdown of a terminal housing.
The method and the local repair point node is capable of improving the crossover node protection, ensuring that the relationship between the two sections of the continuous protection is capable of switching the link fails to take effect.
The method includes: determining comprises: finding of an incoming call to be responsible for the service from the service attribute; the content in the content attributes to be sorted out keywords; the sorting out the characterization of the pre-stored keywords with an incoming reason type of keyword match, and computes a corresponding; the degree of match the incoming call based on the matching of the type and degree of match because it is determined that the incoming call to cause.
All available from the target terminal via the server determines that the proxy terminal; the target terminal will also download data address to be sent to the proxy terminal; the proxy terminal from said address data to be downloaded, download the second data and the second data is transmitted to the destination terminal.
The present invention discloses a method of a redundant backup TRILL network.
The present invention can be implemented is defined at the discretion of the user side keys corresponding functions.
The present embodiments provide a technical arrangement can be applied in a general mobile communication system.
By the above scheme is prepared as a composite conductive electrode, can significantly increase the conductivity, conductive electrode structure dense, hard to deform, greatly enhances the conductive electrode at steady state lifetime.
One attribute information transfer method and service initiation method and related apparatus and system.
The present invention does not need to be made to the existing communication system implementing larger, ensures that the changes to that achieved by that convenience.
The present invention discloses an inverted F antenna, comprising: a radiation of the inverted-F antenna body in a serpentine lines arranged in the manner of a handset of a printed circuit board in the freeboard zone.
The present invention discloses a mobile broadband device and its method of use.
A change in a multi-carrier system in a method for implementing a cell in a multi-carrier system is altered in a particular cell.
At the same time, the frame structure of a dynamic configuration, it is possible to meet the different processing capabilities of the device to the processing time requirements.
The present invention can be carried out on the home page message 微博 efficiently organizes and displays, enables the user to quickly and efficiently looking at his 微博 message of interest to the user, to increase the efficiency of use of 微博 homepage.
A steam turbine/alternator waterwheel depth into the phase advance warning method includes detecting alternator terminal voltage, the real power and machine calculates the current statically stable reactive cutoff value, and the current generator into phase with the reactive power current statically stable reactive boundary values are compared, and when the criteria are satisfied, the delay alarm action.
The present invention applies the Bluetooth technology and the low rate voice/video codec technology organically bound 灵活多样 connected network having the features and over low bandwidth channel for transmission capabilities.
The gasket cuff elastic metal rod in signal transmission and signal transmission on the radial hoop metal rods, and the resilient gasket of a circuit board signal transmission lever and signal transfer point connected together.
The present invention can achieve a real-time or near real-time transmission of streaming multimedia service data, and at a low cost, easy operation.
The present invention discloses a method, apparatus, an acquisition time, and the mobile terminal belonging to the mobile terminal applications.
The present invention discloses a file download of the terminal, which relates to a method and system to solve the network communications technologies, when the file server network deployed by default interface terminal does not belong to the connected network, the terminal does not find a file with the problem of download failed.
The mobile terminal, characterized by comprising: a headset wire 100, metal springs 200, the communication circuit board 300.
The present invention discloses a base station power saving is achieved, a method and system.
The present invention provides a synthetic microstructures.
The present invention discloses a mobile terminal of a cloud communication system.
The present invention is able to quickly locate the data frames that require the playback start and end position, saving network traffic, to reduce the latency of the user during playback, lifting the user's experience.
The present invention discloses a method of interference avoidance, system and mobile devices.
The present invention discloses a contact information processing method.
S6. if the AVC instruction to satisfy power requirements, then the output AVC instructions, otherwise, the reset AGC instruction, and execution returns to step S2.
The present invention provides a technical arrangement, enables the mobile device in different operator network can still be used in comparison is conveniently carried out in the user communication, between different operators may be more convenient to perform the conversion, and also so that the operator can be more attractive to users.
The present invention can be carried out according to network loading changes is achieved inter-cell interference coordination, so as to optimize the performance of the cell edge.
For solving the handover target cell base station can reduce the time required for the problem.
The present invention discloses a method of controlling an uplink closed-loop transmit diversity method and system.
The wireless terminal includes a single board, a monopole antenna and a planar inverted F antenna (PIFA antenna.
The present invention also discloses a TRILL network redundant backup system, it is possible not only to ensure that a clear TRILL network TRILL, but also increases the stability and reliability of the network.
The invention also discloses a trigger information valid time in the processing system.
The source node in the current time slot and a previous time slot superposition coding a signal for transmission.
The method further comprising: operating the mobile terminal during the current timing snap shot of the operator's face picture, and for the capture of the facial pictures are identified, perform the corresponding operations according to the recognition result blacklist; when it was found that when the face data has been provided, in a transmit mode and receive address is sent to notify the user.
The present invention discloses a network element of the user device to acquire a method of receiving status information.
The present invention discloses a power control based on the coordinates of the co-channel interference method and system.
The terminal status retrieval method comprising: receiving a request message from the application server, wherein said request message is used to query the status of the terminal; acquires the aforementioned state of the terminal, and the terminal's status is sent to the application server.
Current frame includes 莸 against cont. STA TXOPs 坁 姍 and power saving 坁 姍 徘 TXOP, when the current frame is allowed power saving 坁 姍 frame and preset 徘 operates on 偛 実 吒 header is not included in the apparatus to the STA and the current frame 姍 徘 坁 徘 reclining cont. STA 坁 姍 as reclining cont. no new STA, the STA apparatus to enter a sleep state.
Embodiments of the present invention, the technical solutions at a terminal in a multi-user simulation test kits are capable of effectively reducing the number of a blind test, a blind test, increasing efficiency.
At the end of the first functional layer and the impedance of the functional sheet, respectively, to the first medium and the second medium is the same as the impedance.
The invention relates to a UE is selected based on intelligent associated cooperating cell method and collaboration user equipment.
This method can be alleviated because, on the one hand the lens pusher decision inaccurate or using an appropriate sampling rate, to produce a constraint P frame prediction reference frame transform techniques, on the other hand the problem of performance may be made with a forward reference frame for the current coded P-frame is reached before and after the effect of bi-directional prediction is performed.
The method comprises: based on a near field communication (NFC) technology of the wireless local area network (WLAN) through linking means NFC technology acquiring the configuration information of the target WLAN device; according to the obtained configuration information linked to the target WLAN device.
The present invention also discloses a base station using the present invention, a band reject filter and the base station may be the high power signal is filtered, and the band reject filter is small in size, easy to implement, a low production cost.
In a feedback manner, the UE 1 using the mapping table as defined LTE-A; employs a time domain binding in a manner generating a mapping table of a HARQ-ACK PUCCH, using preset resource determining method determines the mapping table in the corresponding PUCCH channel resources.
By avoiding a DHCP server and an IP configuration parameters to the OMC configured IP parameters do not correspond to the interrupt caused by communication links, effectively reduces the configuration error rate, improving system performance.
The duration of the different according to the sequence of the different, may correspond to the duration of the cyclic prefix.
The present invention discloses a layered structure based on an uplink control method.
The method includes the host network card is provided on the upper layer protocol stack for windows driver module and the upper layer application module, the network card using the upper drive module is the same as the IP address of the respective terminal configuration using a different IP address, the upper layer application module windows protocol stack according to the respective terminal IP address of the new configuration to the respective terminal to perform bulk upgrade.
The present invention discloses a mobile state estimation method, a user equipment and a base station.
The present invention provides a terminal to avoid interference between the modes of the method and system.
S2. instructions according to the AGC voltage is performed, to check that the generatrix of the output voltage of the selected node and the predicted value of the check result;
The present invention discloses a method of differentiated authorization network device, comprising: determining after the authentication passes through a TACACS server; a network device is authorized, and the user is authorized as a result of the user according to open the respective rights.
The present invention discloses a cooperating based on multiple distributed wired interface data transmission method.
After using the solutions described above is known, can ensure that the transmitting end on different frequency subbands for the subsequent CQI, on different frequency subbands in the selection of a suitable modulation coding provides the basis to obtain the gain of the adaptive coded modulation.
The invention relates to a media message transmission security methods, systems, and devices.
In the present application by ROT change during operation of the multiplication operation is converted into a shift and add operations, and improves the operational.
Embodiment of the present invention is used to provide a solution, does not require mounting driver can be quickly networking.
The present invention by polymerization using other manner, such that the system spectrum LTE system can be utilized as an original spectrum resources for data transmission in the system, in particular for the LTE system of two duplex mode, LTE FDD networks may be able to take full advantage of the TDD band, so that as much as possible to maximize the throughput of the LTE system.
The present invention discloses a core meta to sign the IMS control point information is acquired as the IMS control points, a method and a device.
The present invention active to the set-top: the on-demand program ancillary information, to the list and the on-demand program listings for improved acquisition rate.
The system comprising: a terminal support video telephony, mobile switching centers, and multimedia platform.
The present invention discloses a drawer SIM card device.
The present invention is able to automatically manage and control the respective services, the license of the multi-service effective solution for the respective service development in the fusion caused by the imbalance problem is a waste of resources.
Embodiments of the present invention discloses a cell handover method, a base station, a subscriber device and the communication system that involves communication art. in the prior art, to solve the handover cell due to the source base station side of the signal quality deteriorates, causing user equipment receives no handover command, the source base station after the user initiates release of dropped calls, resulting in a problem.
Without the use of the terminal on the virtual memory space as a memory card, to avoid a reduction in virtual memory space of the terminal lead to handset performance degradation.
The present application discloses an embodiment of the position indication and the channel resources of a blind test methods, systems and apparatus relating to the field of wireless communication technique for resolving terminal cannot properly receive the physical downlink control channel of the PDCCH problems.
Wherein the method comprises: performing transmit power on the BCCH carrier, the planning by judging whether the traffic channel is in an idle state, or the traffic channel in an idle state, is situated at a DTX period of silence, reduce the BCCH carrier configured channel during a portion of the time slot of transmission power.
The present embodiments provide a video image of the encoding method, the decoding method, the decoding means, the decoding apparatus and system.
The present invention provides a generalization of 种彩铃 services, a method and apparatus that can be played directly by way of the color ring tone to generalize the color ring tone service, so that the color ring tone with a promotional services is more convenient and more by the user of the rating.
The present invention relates to the field of talking voice signal processing, and particularly relates to a parameter domain echo control apparatus and method.
The present invention provides an antenna which is attached a micro channel structure comprising a first dielectric substrate, the first dielectric substrate are connected to a supply line, the first dielectric substrate is covered with a second dielectric substrate.
The method of the invention, device, and system in block acknowledgement frame via a feedback link adaptation update information transmission opportunity in a holder, so that during the data transmission is able to acquire timely and accurate link adaptation information.
The present application provides an embodiment of a portable terminal in a hybrid system architecture implemented in the second system, the system state of the state of the system from the first system for linking two cooperating to save power consumption of the system.
The keyboard is a terminal comprises setting module, a directory list module, a detection module, a real time inventory module, the envisioning module and a chapter switching module.
The present invention provides a mobile terminal for providing a split structure of a mobile terminal.
The present application is capable of charging battery charging cycle is repeated, but using a regulated output such that when the stable operation of the electronic product.
The switch, is arranged to select the first spacer, the first interface and a second interface is turned on, or to select the second spacer, the first interface and a second interface is turned on.
The present invention discloses a method of monitoring is carried out on the application, the application to the operating system using the open-source in a terminal, comprising: a real time monitoring of the local applications; in the monitoring to the local application is to be invoked, if system resources according to the pre-configuration of the security policy, it is determined that the application does not have the right to the system resources is invoked, it prohibits the application calls the system resources.
The present application discloses a radio access system for providing a new communication system and related apparatus and method to reduce system complexity.
At the same time also gives a device that implements the method described above.
The present invention also provides an authorization request status information for the control system.
The technical solution provided by the invention are shown in the prior art, are stored in the UE measurement results when the buffer is full of no specific practical way to report the problem, ensures that the results of the measurements to report in a timely manner.
The solutions described above addresses the effective carrier polymeric scenario, the channel state information is transmitted on the PUSCH problem.
Method comprising: an acquisition device multimedia broadcast multicast MBMS service reception information according to the MBMS service reception information; for the device to select a target cell supports the MBMS service, the device switches to the target cell.
The present invention discloses a loopback testing apparatus and method belongs to the field of communications.
The present invention provides a method of treating a phonebook and terminal, the method comprising: receiving an instruction to the phone book after finishing, looks up the phone book meets preset recording of a homogeneous conditions; the lookup to satisfy said homogeneous conditions of two or more of the record for the combined treatment.
The present approach may improve the configuration of control signaling resources position to obtain more efficiency, the scheduling gain, and does not increase the overhead.
Which comprises: a substrate, the substrate is internal to the periodic array of a plurality of artificial metal microstructure.
Using the invention, it is possible to avoid the donor base station as the relay node to the selected relay node does not allow access from a failed handoff target cell results in a problem.
The method is, in particular the silicon wafer and the metal gate wire bonding machine is secured, respectively, of the lower pressure head and the upper ram, by directly bonding the metal gate line is integral with the silicon wafer bond.
Using embodiments of the present invention can reduce the light admitting opening rate, to avoid frequent replacement device.
Embodiments of the present invention further provides a user equipment and a base station.
The peak amplifier circuit part or all of the peak power amplifier is using the LDMOS device.
By embodiments of the present invention, the base station may be sent to the user device in a handover command to carry downlink Non Access Stratum count value of the 4 least significant bits and that the user equipment is used in a universal mobile telecommunications system, so that the algorithm can be successfully carried out inter-system key and algorithm for the negotiation, may, in turn, improves the security of the handover.
The present invention provides an antenna and antenna arrangement method.
The overvoltage protection device is able to better achieve discharge module arc within gas cooling, and reliably assists in breaking of the flywheel power frequency to prevent discharge of the gas within the module arc re-ignition.
A set of uplink collaboration information within the interaction method and system.
The present invention accordingly also discloses a in an Ethernet link LLDP function enabled on the implementation of the system.
The apparatus comprises: a receiving module, the memory module and exclusion of the module.
By the present invention when it determines that the called subscriber's phone when the balance is less than the predetermined value, the call is transferred to a called subscriber over a preset call forward-to number called by the user, so that the effect of the delinquent may result in the call interrupt, the influence of important events that can be processed to a user of the good, even more personalized user experience.
The present application discloses a method of signal detection, signal detection is used to simplify the implementation of the process, thus reducing the complexity of the signal detection.
The invention ensures that the PTP mode to the PTM manner during the transition of the UE is receiving the continuity of the MBMS, the implementation is simple, easy to handle.
The present invention discloses a method of controlling an uplink closed-loop transmit diversity method and system.
The present invention discloses a USB socket with integral battery charger comprising: a housing and disposed in the housing for placement of the battery compartment of the secondary cell.
The present invention discloses a method of seed frame rates of uplink and downlink subframes according to proportions, setting a fixed sub-frames, according to the uplink and downlink subframes proportioning, setting a fixed sub-frame.
The GSM radio frequency front end comprising: a low frequency the transmitting end, a high frequency emitter end, the low frequency and the high frequency receiving end, the receiving end. The present invention also provides a radio frequency receiver, a transmission method and a user terminal.
Wherein, the housing is provided with a 容置室, in the receiving chamber is provided with a bass ceramic horn, the bass ceramic horn to the edge of the elastic member is suspended within the chamber wall to be accommodated.
For the present invention can also be dynamically loaded TL1 commands different service logic processing class process, which compensates the when the network element version upgrade, the EMS north bound interface also needs to be developed is insufficient.
Needs to be activated, the terminal comprising: a startup procedure calls terminal of the universal access control (GAC) module, is determined by the GAC module terminal of the access technology used; the GAC module invokes the determined access technology used by the corresponding access control (AC) modules, implemented in a communication terminal to access to the network.
The present invention provides 徘 method and device, it is possible to use high power saving swab 徘 迕 enclosure, the enhancement of the power saving activity diagram.
The present invention achieves the SRS on the backhaul link, improves the effective emission of RN emission efficiency of the SRS.
Surge unit (20) is connected between the filtering the rectifying circuit (11) and the power conversion circuit (12).
. The technical solution according to the present invention, it is possible to solve exist in the art cannot be carried out of the locking mesh with a hardware problem of lock frequency band.
The method comprises: an access gateway for ISDN service, the message is decoded according to the decoding result for the ISDN service for processing.
The output shaft (3) by means of a flexible bearing assembly (204) to the rotary tube (8) is connected.
A system and method for optimizing the antenna performance.
The optical line terminal comprises: a detection module configured to: the real-time detection of uplink bit error rate; and a configuration module, which is so arranged as to whether or not the bit error rate is reached according to the predetermined condition is configured by advancing on to the error correction scheme.
The present invention on the service layer shields the underlayer, and the physical implementation of the transmit and receive data according to the configuration on the traffic load on the different logical channels, it is achieved that the separation of the data stream according to the user's needs, the completed to dial function.
Embodiments of the present invention discloses a network flow diverter method, network node and system.
The detection system comprising: a search unit, a detection unit and the delivery unit.
The invention is applicable to a wireless communication data scheduling.
The present invention discloses a thermal budget for maintaining consistent heating method.
Cells can be achieved using the present invention a fair scheduling and the equalizer output.
The present invention discloses a tailbiting convolutional code decoding verification method and apparatus is designed to solve the tailbiting convolutional codes prior to reduce decoding check processing delay problem.
Aspects of the present invention, the existing in an MBMS system to receive an MBMS service has been the preferred supplementary, further enhancing the quality of service of the MBMS system, enhancing the effect of the UE user experience.
Embodiments of the present invention according to the protocol provided by the received logical topology, logical topology, the constraint rules by different types of communication network devices and a communications interface of the network device in the network on a large scale of preset acquired logical topology, with each node in the communication network devices of the same type as the candidate set of candidate communications network device and an interface set.
The second interface is provided to connect the headset ground of the mobile terminal apparatus is located.
The present invention relates to the field of wireless communication technology.
Embodiments of the present invention it is possible to simulate the user equipment to the base station of the cell the loop-back test is carried out in order to loop back the results of the tests whether the cell is determined by means for sleep cell within a cell, without the need for user equipment capable of sleep 及时发现 cell.
The email system includes: a receive module, an encapsulation module and a delivery module.
The method comprises the steps of: listening for adjacent cell signal; determining heard adjacent cell signal whether there is interference; if present, generating optimised adjustment scheme and an optimum adjustment scheme based on the generated current cell or issues to the adjacent cell interference signals are adjusted.
A variation of the authentication method and system configuration, and the application to domestic kiosk, the method comprising: in the different modules and the authorization of the user authentication setting different priorities; determining a need to change the configuration of the modules and the user needs to be modified, and the configuration of the modules and to which a user belongs, and the priority of the configuration, the change in the priority of all of the modules and the authorization of the user authentication information.
In addition, since the computer need only store an attribute to the location record number look up table, the computer storage space can be saved, so that the query conditions frequently changes, the faster the query rate, increasing the efficiency of the query of the computer.
When the query server from the client receives a query task number exceeds the threshold value, the communications server according to the inquiry processing server tasks assigned task priority and receives a policy query task exceeds a threshold value.
Using the above described method and circuit, RAM and logical resources can be saved, effectively reduces the area of the chip.
According to the present invention, the system may be employed for the wireless channel is the actual conditions by adaptive activation or deactivation of reduced CoMP transmission, due to the use of unnecessary CoMP transmission overhead, as a result of increasing the capacity of the network.
The present invention is achieved by means of the first device to the second device a positioning itself in the prior art, to solve the misalignment of the GPS positioning, or failure or, due to the inability of the GPS signals without the problem of positioning of the GPS device may be accomplished using normal and correct positioning.
The present invention enables the control plane in ODUflex (GFP) connection bandwidth in case of failure, is adjusted by the slot number information, the negotiation of the success of the guaranteed bandwidth adjustment, to improve bandwidth adjustment and does not affect the success rate of the customer's service.
The present invention also discloses an implementation of the device in combination with the community.
The present invention discloses providing a protocol parsing processing is performed on the data stream, a method and apparatus.
Embodiments of the present invention provides a method comprising: when it is required to transmit simultaneously on the same symbols within a plurality of SRS is greater than the sum of transmission power of the UE's maximum transmit power is reduced when the transmit power of the at least one SRS, such that after the reduced transmission power is the sum of the transmit power of the multiple SRS is not greater than the maximum transmission power of the UE.
A home base station determines whether the state of the connection method and the home base station.
The apparatus comprises: a matching module and execution module.
The use of the present application, the terminal can solve the problem of cannot properly receive PDCCH.
At the same time in the browser is achieved for the delivery of content to the local application use.
The present invention enables a common E-DCH resources in the cell may be used for both a short transmission time interval of a scheduling, can also be used for a long transmission time interval of a scheduling, both to satisfy the user can, in turn, ensures that the covered high speed rate.
Since in the present invention obtains statistics each acquisition time period of the interface, a data transfer rate in accordance with the retrieved data forwarding rate, each of the interface of the network traffic is determined, it is possible to effectively avoid short burst data network traffic to determine the effect of accuracy, thereby improving the accuracy of the network traffic is determined.
The present invention by reducing the resolution of the mobile television, mobile television play occupy only a portion of the screen for display operation and another part of the menu.
The present invention has particular artificial magnetic material is the electromagnetic effects of the novel material.
A method for transmitting a channel state information and the terminal.
Processor, connected to the acceleration sensors and storage means, arranged for analysis was performed on the electrical signal, the electrical signal is acquired from the memory device movement pattern of the corresponding shortcut corresponding to the calling terminal by shortcuts, and in a corresponding function.
The present invention also discloses a transmission of the channel quality indication means by the above described method and device able to receive the downlink HS-DSCH data feedback of the uplink HS-DPCCH is triggered after HS-DPCCH transmission delays for the shortened.
The present invention may support multiple users to reuse the same dedicated control channel, to increase the capacity of the control channel.
The present invention discloses a widget resource sharing method and system.
The present invention discloses the failure information obtaining optical network unit, of the method, system and an optical line terminal.
The present invention provides a multipath search is implemented method and apparatus for segmentation of the frequency domain.
The present invention discloses a AAA server service state detection method and system for solving the AAA server detects whether or not the services provided by the normal problems.
The client through the communication server and stores the user information is transmitted to the global server, the global server sends the user information to synchronize to the query server.
The present application discloses a multipoint cooperate to transmit the next interference measurement method and equipment for the user device to cause the interferer and accurate can face different reports the corresponding channel state information.
By the present invention, improves the accuracy of the estimated frequency offset.
Using the present invention can be such that the target base station is able to be reasonably judges whether or not the target base station allows the relay node to access the cell 所辖, improving the efficiency of utilization of resources.
UE CoMP mode of a primary cell of the maintenance CoMP information informs each cooperating cooperating cells, each cell stores the received CoMP information; and, when the UE or CoMP cell information is changed, the host cell will be notified to the collaboration of the cells.
In addition, due to the non real-time transport protocol can be used on the application range that is not affected by the firewall restrictions.
The method is applied in 于同频 networking system, comprising: from a user equipment (UE) sends a measurement report, the service to the UEs within the cell is divided into one or more of the group of UEs; the generation of each group of UEs high interference indication information, the indication information comprises a high interference high interference indication bitmap and high interference indicates that a target cell.
For each node are fully allows for the present invention the difference in mass between channel with a multi-drop cooperating set relationship between the selected threshold, and can cooperate with the precoding weights between different nodes of the topology of the relationship between the redundant information, thereby further compression, in providing the feedback information for the premise by mass, decreases the feedback overhead.
The present invention also discloses a BSR trigger device and the user equipment.
The present invention also provides a distributed cache server system, caching method of application of the client, the cache server.
The permanent magnet switch of the permanent magnets (12) surrounded with two poles and the exciter coil (11), respectively, at both ends of the core by means of two soft magnetic body (12) is connected, soft magnetic body is provided with a salient poles (14, 15).
According to the present invention can be implemented in the network management system operates during most of the occupied memory write traffic data is small, the efficiency is high.
Apparatus comprising: an acquisition module for acquiring the neighbor cells is a multimedia broadcast multicast MBMS service configuration information; selection module for configuration information according to the MBMS service and the user device to the MBMS service reception information selects the target cell for the user equipment; switching module for the user equipment to switch to the target cell.
The system according to embodiments of the present invention include transmission opportunity responders and transmission opportunity holders.
In the present invention can be used without increasing the cost of the device on the basis of data compression efficiency is increased, so as to meet the requirements of the higher optical port rate.
In the present invention, each integrator processes only by the quantization noise is achieved for a sigma-delta modulator, and is capable of reducing the distortion, increased stability, and the dynamic range of the input signal.
By the present invention, enabling the simplification of the laser projection light source module structure, increasing the light utilization efficiency.
Since the device located on the speaker sound holes is purified, a side of the lid, so that the client is not obscured when the device is held to a sound bore influencing means sounding.
The present invention can ensure that no occurrence of bypass switching of a radio frequency device according to the number of hops is locked configuration and status of the prior work, so as to increase the reliability of the network radio frequency units connected in series.
The present invention provides a baseband processing unit BBU fiber and its calculation of the delay method.
At the timing of the time, the MME rejects the MTC terminal is attached to the network.
The present invention also provides a corresponding communication system.
The method comprises: obtaining a reserve power is to be reserved conditions and application of the power consumption per unit time, the reservation condition comprises; a reservation time according to the reservation conditions and the power consumption per unit time, and calculating the application requires the reserved power level; and depending on the application needs to be reserved for the application the power amount of reserve power supply.
The present invention relates to the field of the communication technology, and more particularly to lift the cloud computation mode voice or video transmission quality, a method and apparatus.
The present invention provides a frequency modulation (FM) antenna implementing means FM reception performance is poor, solve the technical problems.
The user may be obtained from a remote terminal telephone voice mail, increases the flexibility of the user reads the voice mail, and convenience, enhances the user experience.
In addition, embodiments of the present invention further provides for a base station and a communication system.
In the mobile communication system through a portion of the functional entities for the functionality extension and enhanced by the addition of new security data and operational flow, for both the original secure a concealed and protected data, so that the user may actively using the SIM security in the process of prior to prevent, things monitored, post hoc control.
Downlink information scheduling method, comprising: a terminal receiving TB and decoded to generate the ACK/NACK information, determines whether the received ACK/NACK information of the subframe of the sub frame number to the sub-frame Subframe number is indexed database for database access control, according to the generated ACK/NACK information scheduling PUCCH/PUSCH for ACK/NACK feedback.
The method comprising: receiving a call request to the application server via the Internet service capabilities; an application server integrated gateway of the communicating parties to the call request to an Internet service invocation is achieved.
Embodiments of the present invention further provides a use the single-chip implementation of the digital baseband predistorted method.
The present invention discloses a method of controlling an off-line terminal, comprising: a terminal in an offline state periodically reads the broadcast message in a broadcast message, and the terminal comprises a trigger information, the connection is established.
With the present invention, it is possible to correct possible to employ maintenance to PDCCH subframe number is length statistical units of DRX related timer.
Technical solution by a higher layer signaling is: the base station informs the UE transmission period SRS or cycle the SRS, the sending of the SRS parameters comprise a circular shift of n
The invention enables the antenna array using the directional pattern in the horizontal plane has the maximum value, and increases the omni-directional antenna, which in turn increases the gain of the antenna performance.
The present invention also discloses a method for sending information to be transmitted, the apparatus comprising: an acquisition module area; the subscriber identity determination module; an information transmission module to be transmitted.
The present invention permits a user to easily and reliably use efficient upgrade of an ad hoc network device, greatly reducing operator and the manufacturer upgrade maintenance cost.
In an embodiment of the present invention radio frequency controller may send a series of networking is the number of hops each radio frequency device; the locking is abnormal when a certain radio frequency device encounter results in loss of radio frequency device automatically bypass switching, the radio frequency controller, upon locking can be determined according to the number of hops to the bypass switching does not occur, a radio frequency device to transmit a corresponding configuration data.
The method comprising: the IMS application server control point information is provided to the serving GPRS support node; said serving GPRS support node sends the IMS control point information to the base station subsystem; the base station subsystem is the IMS control point information to said mobile switching center.
Using the protocol described above, mainly in the CMMB inside the chip is programmed with software to implement the functions, without the need to add additional hardware, and may cause the CMMB terminal always operates in receive performance of the best pilot points, to achieve an optimal play.
The present invention provides an electromagnetic material for manual artificial microstructures.
According to the invention, prior to solve the manual backup mode, the gateway failure message processing is not timely problems.
A method and apparatus embodying the present invention, it is possible to improve the accuracy of the power adjustment, thereby improving the quality of the transmission signal.
The present invention provides a terminal, the terminal data storage method and system.
The present invention discloses a terminal and a smart card to be locked or unlocked, of the method and apparatus.
By the present invention, it is possible to effectively reduce the unauthorized user and authorizing the probability of collision between the user that both improved channel utilization, in turn, improves the unauthorized user communication quality.
The home gateway for receiving from the application on the terminal or terminals of integrated management system sending information, and subjected to a first communications protocol and the second communication protocol conversion between the after treatment is forwarded to terminal integrated management system or application terminal.
A signal amplifier, comprising: an amplifying circuit.
The present invention discloses a data transmission processing methods, devices and systems.
By using a compromise between the 2 G network CS circuit domain expertise and 3 G network services for the data traffic to be double the twin-wire expertise technology, it is not subjected to the network, the terminal under the premise that the twin-wire bis is to be implemented, without the requirement for frequent 2/3 G handover, and also avoids the production web now upgraded destabilizing effects.
The application of the present invention, the mobile terminal can be reduced to the corresponding server browser interaction, increased the number of times the user experience.
The present invention provides an upstream authorization information transmission method and system.
The present invention is capable of enhancing the user's service experience, facilitates the fusion of the multiple communication modes and development.
By the present invention to increase the utilization of system resources and performance.
On the other hand, is avoided due to network used in exactly the same pre-coding codebook to form a void of position, improves the performance of the communication network.
The present invention discloses a 种加扰 transmission method and an apparatus therefor.
The present invention accordingly also discloses a handover parameter optimization system.
The monopole antenna MIMO radio frequency from a plurality of monopole antenna.
By the present invention, access to the network terminal is able to reduce a number of RRC signaling interaction, saving port resource; in addition, the present invention can be guaranteed by signaling to the secure transmission of data.
The method comprises the steps of: obtaining a given topic 微博 message; acquiring a set of presentation duration 微博 message according to the designated time interval; pull 微博 message; the pull-based 微博 message in accordance with the respective display duration with the presentation.
The present invention discloses a method for the treatment of sleep relay station and system, the method comprising: a network side according to a preset, or relay, the relay station sleep policy decision to enter the sleep mode, the relay station entering the sleep mode.
Now the web for long periods of time is put into one of a number of network system of the present invention, it is possible for a multicast quality was monitored in real time to facilitate 局方 Operations and Maintenance.
The present invention by the several RRU, two BBU and BSC together form a ring, when a failure occurs, by RRU master on switching light admitting opening, which in turn is prepared by establishing the standby link recovery site, avoiding operation when a device failure, or a certain segments link failures, cause the entire station cannot use case.
The present invention provides the value to transmit, receive, process and apparatus.
Wherein, the transmission of a message, the method comprising: receiving a transmission side to a reception side; the multimedia message is a multimedia message into a voice information; the voice information to the voicemail box of the recipient.
One aspect of the invention is able to achieve the function of the current simulation techniques, including point-to-point channel simulation. on the other hand may be reproduced multi-channel interaction, real-time, a complex of the actual network channel environment comprising a MIMO channel, the multi-cell interference channel, and the like.
The present invention provides for a service flow management method, when the dynamic service management request service flow identification carried in the FID and FID maximum buffering capacity.
The invention ensures that the part of the service priority is higher or the user of the UE with a higher priority service is not interrupted by RN, ensures that the maximum extent of the UE to access the service continuity.
The present invention allows the terminal access gateway accurate routing terminal data message to thereby avoid message is lost.
The network includes a customer edge device and the switching device.
The present invention does not influence the existing protocols.
By the present invention, a wide variety of data services for future abundant taking into account its different traffic characteristics and requirements are satisfied simultaneously, the link adaptation should be designed with the traffic requirement of adaptive dynamic resource allocation of variable frame structure.
The raised substantially diversity of new information prompt manner and meets the requirements of the user for a personalized interactive manner.
When a service update message when an error occurs, do not affect the normal transceiver of the other service.
Said method comprising: a network side equipment receiving an attachment request to the terminal after acquiring the subscription data of the terminal, and the connection loss to the terminal is detected, and, when detecting that the terminal to report is made when the connection is lost.
The user account management module for configuring the multimedia message to the sender's user account associated with the user account management table.
The carrier polymeric scenario, according to a predetermined encoding would need to be computed in the same way to report the cell of a plurality of downstream of the CSI is encoded to obtain the coded CSI information; the coded CSI information, the coded data of the coded and/or other uplink control information after interleaving, the transmission on the physical uplink shared channel.
The present invention also discloses an uplink scheduling system, the terminal and the base station.
The apparatus comprises a receiving module, determination module, and a measurement module.
The feeder coupled manner by feed into the first metal sheet, the second sheet is electrically connected to the feed line; the first metal sheet is formed with a groove structure, or are composed of artificial metallic microstructures having metal traces forming of said first metal sheet.
The present invention provides an instant communications component information interaction method and system that is applied to the field of network technologies.
The present invention also discloses that the corresponding base station power saving implement the method, a base station power saving information delivery system of energy saving implementation of the system and the base station.
Embodiments of the present invention relates to an IP-based voice mail visualization of implementing the method and system.
A networking method and system adapted to a baseband processing unit (BBU) and a plurality of remote RF units (RRUs) consisting of a ring network.
The present invention provides a transmission of multimedia data, receive, process, and its transmission, the receiving device relating to multimedia applications.
The invention achieves the effect of reducing the SD alert shaking.
The power amplifying tube high electron mobility transistor (HEMT) power amplifier die and a laterally diffused metal oxide semiconductor field effect transistors (LDMOS) power amplifier die, said HEMT power amplifier die and the LDMOS power amplifier die integrated in the same package.
The present invention is provided by a third party, using SP interface is used to spread the IPTV function, and the IPTV fused with the IMS service, so that the SP is able to rapidly provide convenient diversification of the IPTV service, thereby improving the user experience, up to lift the IPTV system core competitive effect.
The present embodiments provide a technical arrangement is advantageous to increase the network side processing, the desirability of UE originating services to minimizing unreasonable access or deny access, thereby enhancing the user experience of a particular application.
The solutions described above enables the MME is the terminal selects the correct local GW the necessary information to the MME, the MME according to the target base station, the information transmitted from the user terminal to the selection of the correct GW.
Embodiments of the present invention can reduce the cost of shipping dimension, increasing efficiency.
The present invention discloses a method of adjacent frequency band coexist, device and the terminal.
Embodiments of the present invention to provide an Internet protocol television service content viewing method.
The present invention discloses an electric vehicle battery cartridge includes a cartridge body (1) and the cover (2), the lid (2) is locked in the cartridge body (2) of the electronic lock (4),
By setting the loss detection timer according to the present invention is achieved for the terminal to be connected to a monitoring whether the missing, at the expense of fewer protocol change is achieved for the terminal status monitoring.
Each bus node S1. real time measurement of the voltage, current, real power, reactive power, as well as set the AGC instructions;
The metal frame, the module comprising: an output matching network, a radio frequency antenna switch, a power controller, and a radio frequency power amplifier, wherein the output matching network, a radio frequency antenna switch, a power controller, and a radio frequency power amplifier, respectively, using different semiconductor technology into a corresponding semiconductor die, and the above semiconductor die is mounted on the metal frame.
The present invention provides a wireless terminal and its antenna, the antenna comprising: a matching circuit, connected to a matching circuit, the antenna feed, a metal ground plane element, a radiating element; wherein the grounding elements are located around the periphery of the metal radiating element with the metal, and there is a gap between the radiating element.
The present invention provides a time required to establish a tandem-free operations to determine the length of the method and apparatus for locating a mobile terminal, when a voice call is set up between the TFO desired length of time.
An electret condenser microphone.
The present invention provides visual effect processing of the background of the method and apparatus of a background scene is achieved between different visual effect of sharing of the same scene, abundant that can be achieved, depending on the kind of the background of the agonists enhances the user experience of the effect.
The present invention discloses a call forwarding method, system and a web server.
The present invention provides a user information sharing of instant messaging system and method.
The present invention is provided on the SD card holder via the antenna, to solve the present in prior art fabrication difficult problem, so that the antenna performance is greatly increased by the SD card holder; an antenna disposed on the electrical connection through the wireless communications module in the SD card contacts disposed on the contact member is connected to the electrical connections, the connection of the electrical signals is realized, ensures that the wireless communication.
The present invention may be varied according to the sector loading is real time and power adjust resource allocation of the spectrum to improve overall system efficiency.
The present embodiments provide wireless channel environment information acquisition method, apparatus, and a radio network control device, it is possible to accurately reflect the radio channel, which in turn can improve the real image of the user terminal or a network of the accuracy of the positioning abnormalities, enhance the processing efficiency of the abnormal situation.
The present method and apparatus can cause LSP Detour as MP in its role as a node in the LSP in the protected node share the same into the tag.
The electric power to drive the device using the elastic coupling means (2) has a resilient damping to reduce motor (101) is preferably a noise, the noise dampening effect is achieved.
The present invention discloses a dual mode mobile terminal and its NFC communication method.
The present invention provides a technical solution to solve the imaginary because the UE in the prior art DCIO result in the user being solved the problem of abnormal release, ensuring that the normal transmission of user data.
The present invention also provides a further having the above artificial microstructure of superabsorbent material.
Comprising: receiving user input parameters to modify the command is entered when a preset parameter modification functions interface, and to receive a user modified parameters, and is in the form of a file for storing parameters; mobile terminal automatically restart, is taken to the block parameter setting an initialization state, the acquisition of the custom parameter file, and carrying out the parameters in the parameter setting.
The present invention provides a method of radio frequency interference avoidance of the terminal and the system.
S3. if the AGC voltage instruction meet the requirements, then the output AGC instructions, otherwise proceeds to step S4;
The present invention discloses a access processing method, a resource admission control methods, devices and systems.
This not only by manufacturing simplicity, and not necessarily due to the light emitting element through the welding means, to avoid that the welding high temperature, which in turn is collapsed to occur effectively reduces the manufacturing cost, and, therefore, the light emitting means is made of a highly conductive heat sink having a greater efficacy.
When the incident direction is perpendicular to the substrate, two opposite side surfaces of the meta-material when the electromagnetic wave through the superabsorbent material has a relative dielectric constant and a relative magnetic permeability are substantially equal.
The technical solution according to the present invention, is capable of supporting multiple port transmission mode hopping function having a frequency resource allocation of the location information.
The technical solution according to the present invention can be provided by the mobile terminal, the user moves the real-time recording, the track information is effective to enhance the user's experience.
The present invention discloses an intelligent adaptive impedance matching method of adjusting the mobile terminal itself is selected according to the current state of the impedance matching network sends a signal acquisition mode, the actual impedance measurement value, and a target characteristic impedance according to a preset value, through an impedance match network to match the actual impedance measurement value is adjusted.
The present invention is implemented in a network model can be implemented on a variety of topology, while also may perform various operations of the logical operation manner, improving the speed and efficiency.
In the present invention, by using an unknown neighbor report the measurement reporting is a CGI, while carrying the cell's signal quality information, not only ensures that the PCI confusion neighbor scenario the correctness of the signal quality information and also enables to avoid additional interaction of the UE and the eNode-B, thereby reducing an air-interface signaling overhead.
In the present invention satisfies the performance achieved with the lowest power consumption of the terminal, lifting the terminal user experience; and both the present invention avoids the disadvantages of the conventional implementation, in turn on the mobile device, without the need for additional protocol developed, saving development time, and has a relatively good versatility, standard resistance, has wide applicability to a universal access function in the mobile device.
The cable through the cable television tuner for receiving a cable television broadcasting data, the received data is forwarded to the cable television broadcast security chip.
The impedance matching element of the present invention using a plurality of super material forms an impedance of the graded layer stacked sheets.
The antenna comprises a plurality of units and a plurality of antenna units arranged in a uniform linear antenna broadside array.
The present invention ESADI processing techniques for implementing the TLV of structural optimization ESADI stability can be improved.
The present invention provides a transmission in the instant messaging session message as well as a method for instant messaging client, a storage medium.
A power supply device and a method for adjusting the dead time.
By this invention solves for the PS service in the related art, it is necessary to access the home base station position information at the time of BBF access network via the SGSN, GGSN or the MME, S-GW, reported to PCRF P-GW due to effects on the relevant interface to implement a comparatively large problem.
The present invention discloses a dual two-wire to be terminal for communicating with the method and apparatus.
The terminal receives the LTE base station of the terminal arrangement of LTE and other radio technology co-existence of time allocation information.
By the above described method and arrangement such that the interleaving or deinterleaving is no longer needed in the process of performing a matrix pending data cache, so achieving the conserve memory space, and reduce processing delays purposes.
The present invention is that the user in the video telephony service, it is possible to more free to facilitate communication costs and does not increase the third party telephone number in the case of real-time information, such can be effectively transmitted to the other, lifting the user experience, the convenience of the user using a flexible, avoiding the short message transmission delay and the premium telephone numbers of the problem.
The present invention discloses a traffic signaling tracking method, system and apparatus.
The technical solution according to the invention provided in the related art, to solve the built-in antenna CMMB scheme, the problem of interference between multiple antennas, which in turn can reduce the multi-mode radio frequency signal CMMB signal interference.
An embodiment of the present invention based on the material of the antenna with electromagnetic waves pooling functionality comprising: a meta-material panel and confidence level.
Can be improved by the present invention, in a number of different radio technology co-existence, which when it is located at a terminal equipment of a plurality of different radio technology to improve the quality of the communications, the user's communication experience.
Partition includes a plurality of antenna unit AU distributed antenna system is a long term evolution LTEDAS cell into a plurality of regions, the sub-region corresponds to one or more of the AU, within a cell, in units of said sub areas and scheduling resources for the UE performs interference control and mobility management.
The present invention discloses a method of implementing the message splitter and device.
The present invention can effectively increase the accuracy of the estimate of the noise power.
The invention relates to a CMOS image sensor pixel readout circuit structure and a pixel structure and the readout circuit structure comprises an adjustable gain amplifier, the adjustable gain amplifier comprises an operational amplifier, a first capacitor, a second capacitor, a switch, and an input of the operational amplifier in the tube is a CMOS image sensor pixel cell is read out of the tube.
The present invention proposes a method for controlling a cell reselection and wireless communication terminals, a method of controlling a cell reselection.
Provided is a solar cell, solar cell assembly, and methods of making the photovoltaic art belongs to.
This application may be sufficient to schedule the data resources, increased system resource utilization.
In this way, the user equipment transmits the next CoMP, able to accurately report based on the network environment under different interferer channel state information for the network side, thereby enabling to keep track of the network can be obtained in a timely manner, so as to adapt to the changing environment CoMP needs to be transmitted, thereby effectively enhancing the system performance.
Included is in a discontinuous reception state of the terminal, the inactive time when there is data to be transmitted, the terminal on the next active state, when the data is transmitted to the base station.
The present invention discloses a terminal state acquisition method, activate the terminal methods, devices and systems.
The present invention discloses a gateway selection methods, apparatus, and system to implement when the mobile network operator for solving the data plane to be achieved, moves down by the gateway, the gateway is selected based on the user position, so as to achieve a WLAN network data splitter technical problem.
The present invention provides an information sharing of instant messaging system and method.
When the flow route value falls within the error range, depending on the current members link load sharing situation, specify the forward link by the routing generated error adjustment is made, thus avoiding the members to link non-uniformity issues a load sharing, ensuring efficient high quality message forwarding.
For reducing the power consumption of a time division duplex (TDD) system, method and system solves the prior time division duplex system is in a retracted state, the power amplifier power consumption is high, the problem of low efficiency.
Wherein, the query server number is at least two.
The present invention is that the display panel and the touch pad may be designed according to the characteristics of the display screen itself, without compression, the touch pad also need not make clear, the structure is simple and inexpensive.
The data center network system includes a start of line the switch and the switch, the column headers in a matrix arrangement of the access switch.
The present application relates to wireless communications art embodiment, and report the power margin relates particularly to a method and apparatus.
The present invention discloses a polarized relay structure of a magnetic circuit, including a magnetic steel, the yoke, the magnet pieces, armature, and one or two pilot magnet pieces.
The present invention also discloses a wireless relay scenario frequency multiplexed system.
The above features can be guaranteed for communication in a heterogeneous network is effective to suppress interference effect.
Embodiments of the present invention discloses an improved terminal of network security methods, systems, and devices.
The present invention is carried out by the microcode entry hierarchical processing, the microcode entry drive to update the traffic is simple to operate, there is protection in particular multilevel protection is achieved when fast switching.
S5. a busbar according to the selected node voltage adjustment value for power calibration, the power of the output link, and the predicted value of the check result;
Embodiments of the present invention discloses a method and to report channel state information device, the method comprising: the UE determines which transmit antenna port set with all passages between the channel state information, the channel state information, the UE sends to all transmit antenna port in the set of predetermined transmission antenna port set.
The present invention discloses a multi carrier of the uplink transmission in the polymerization system, which relates to a method and apparatus for solving the field of wireless communication technology, in the base station is a terminal configuration when the secondary cell is increased, how the secondary cell is a problem for uplink transmissions.
The method comprises: obtaining; scheduling information according to the schedule information scheduling transmission resources according to the present frame; a scheduled transmission resources in the uplink scheduling period is calculated and the downlink scheduling period; according to the uplink scheduling period, the downlink scheduling period and the guard interval defining the structure of a frame in the frame structure of; broadcast, and transmits scheduling signaling.
The method of application of the present invention can be realized by providing multiple screens of the domestic user program real time switching between the terminals.
Embodiments of the present invention discloses a transmit diversity method, a related devices and systems.
The method is: in a system employing the OMC in place within the DHCP server.
The present embodiments provide a technical solution to troubleshoot advantageously reduces the complexity of the dynamic Tunnel failure, lifting the dynamic Tunnel troubleshooting efficiency.
The present invention, on receipt of the incoming call corresponding sub SIM card and the SIM card is locked, the stop alert in response to the incoming call is received while the user is directed to this incoming call alert message informs the caller, the party receives the user does not go wrong electrical upside down.
The present invention segmentation techniques as well as by accumulating the iterative pre-distortion technique that improves the accuracy of the pre-distortion parameter extraction, in the conventional predistortion is further enhanced by the predistortion on the basis of the performance, while not increasing the logic implementation of the resource to which the subject invention is better suited for high performance specifications required wideband signal and a digital predistortion processing.
The present invention discloses a method and apparatus is implemented to communicate.
The present invention enables the main user terminal in cooperation with a secondary user terminal, acquiring to more reliable and efficient communication quality, ensures that the pluralities of user terminals competing for access to the main user terminal free spectrum of the fairness and validity, to enable master user terminal spectral fair, effectively used.
The technical solution according to the present invention, the network element may be known in time within a cell controlled by itself is in a connected state of the current MBMS UE to receive status information.
Embodiments of the present invention there is provided a pair of Diameter routing is managed, relates to a method and apparatus for communications art.
By the present invention, once the calling subscriber is subscribed to dial other numbers, this function is based on the called number, if an occurrence of the forwarding or will forward the MSC/VLR, the caller is calling user subscription was found to voice call forwarding is intercepted, the call is terminated, the active connection is not performed, avoiding the voice call forwarding traps.
The scheme provided in the embodiment of the present invention suitable for dynamically building networking are used.
The two orthogonal components, respectively, to the artificial microstructures are located in parallel and perpendicular to the optical axis.
The present invention may conserve storage space of the edge nodes and to ensure that the time shift increasing diversification requirements of the user, the user experience.
The present invention discloses an address pool, distribution system and method may be based on the address pool category, the corresponding relationship with the user terminal, set the respective address pool of available categories according to time, so that the user's internet time may be assigned an IP address, it is reasonable to assume that both meets the requirements of the user for extended periods of time, avoiding the user not to surf the internet for IP address information of the system.
The method comprises: receiving from the ONUs to the OLT in which a downlink frame, a downlink frame is used to indicate that the wavelength channel state information of the downlink frame; an ONU determined according to a wavelength channel is idle during the idle; ONU and OLT on the wavelength of the wavelength channels is registered, and after a successful registration at wavelengths for optical signal transmission.
The solutions described above such that the user can flexibly disposed on its own to document the operation of a control button, thereby greatly improving the user at the terminal for a reading experience.
The present invention also provides an implementation of the scrambling code group identification signalling notification system.
The signal timing for implementing automatic test, high accuracy, improves the operating efficiency of the test signal timing, reducing the hardware development cost.
The present invention also discloses a shared network device functions of the system.
The present invention discloses a method of controlling the terminal to initiate the service.
The present invention provides an IMS-based control handover method and system.
In the present invention by DHCP v6 prefix delegation mobile node acquires an IPv6 prefix to flow by the DHCP v6 prefix delegation flow triggers the mobile access gateway MAG and local mobility anchor point LMA PMIPv6 delegated prefixes is carried out with the association between the binding cache entry.
The present invention discloses a distributed antenna system is a method of transmitting antenna position layout.
Wherein for an IMS method for data transmission, comprising: a pair of RTP messages, tunnel encapsulation was performed to give the tunnel, the tunnel message, wherein the message comprises recording in the recording unit cells, each enclosing a plurality of RTP message; the tunnel with the message through a tunnel between the end to end, wherein the pair of end of STG or IMS terminal.
Therefore, the present invention enables the caring adult to pay by the cost is relatively small, but the application of a relatively high efficiency.
Using the present technique, may best resolve DLNA device using a Universal Plug and Play (UPnP) protocol, a very good safety risk issues a ensures that the security of the multimedia data.
The present invention is automatically downloaded by the pictures and sends it as a wall paper, etc. the display picture method of more interest, such that the terminal, to improve the user experience degrees.
By the present invention, the storage server to take full advantage to reduce the flow rate and increase the quality of service.
The present invention discloses a three-layer protocol message forwarding reverse notification method and system.
The method comprises: receiving from the service server of the always-on service request information, the request information carried in the always-on service information of the user corresponding to the core network device is; notifies the corresponding user information of the IP-CAN session hold the always-on capability.
The present invention also discloses a base station.
The scheme according to the present invention, it is possible to provide in response to the reference cell in the serving cell of the terminal to determine the actual interference situation of the serving cell interference indicates that the target cell is higher, so that it is determined that the high interference indicates that a target cell can be a true reflects the degree of interference on the serving cell, which improves the high interference is determined to an accuracy of indicates that a target cell.
The present invention discloses an OFDM-based data transmission method for an uplink data transmission in a short-range wireless communication system.
The present invention also discloses a base station controller.
Using the above channel estimation performance improvement of a method and system to yield an accurate channel estimate can be, in turn, may effectively increase the demodulation performance.
In addition, it is accordingly to provide a network device and an information delivery system.
Embodiments of the present invention is mainly used in cooperative communication system.
The present invention employs a different radio technology can be solved in the same terminal device when communicating simultaneously within the radio technology, thereby reducing interference between the communication quality of these radio technology, affect the user's communication experience problems.
By the present invention, is achieved by the combination of the call processing and Internet service, to improve the user experience.
The present invention can increase the switching process is established in the success rate of weight, thereby reducing the dropped call rate of the UE.
The present invention discloses a mobile relay node is configured of a donor cell or donor base station method and apparatus.
By dynamically configuring the length of the frame, and the schedule control overhead can be reduced overhead and reduces implementation complexity.
The present invention provides a method to change notification information, contact information, a method and apparatus for updating the information change notification method comprising: setting a subscriber information update notification is required when the contact of the user information, and after the change is to occur, the contact information to initiate a change notification procedure.
The double reflecting surfaces antenna comprises a feed, the primary reflecting surface and a radome, said feeder is located in the center of the main reflecting surface, said reflecting surface positioned between said primary antenna housing above the center of the radome; in said region is provided with a secondary reflective surface; said secondary reflective surface is a virtual focus and the primary reflecting surface of 实焦点 coincide.
The present embodiments provide survey audience rating method of uploaded by the user terminal an active voice recording of the television program, the server analyzes the audio stream is an audio stream, after recording the audio stream corresponding statistics of viewing of a television program, it is possible to improve the accuracy of audience share.
The carrier network plane between the terminal equipment is arranged to: implementing the routing and forwarding of the data message.
The method comprises: dividing the mobile broadband device enumeration is a virtual card device by an enumeration of a virtual card; device activates the application module of the mobile broadband device, using the application module for a network connection.
The present invention discloses a fusion of the formula home base station device comprising a processing unit 3 G services, LAN, WLAN service processing unit for performing service processing unit, the service processing unit data aggregation and distribution of the switching unit for completion of each service unit and an external network routing of data among, encryption, dial, or the like management function of routing management unit.
The first insulation, is set to the block is coupled to the ground network segment a modulation frequency of the signal.
The present invention is emitted by the appropriate layout, the position of the antenna can achieve increased cell capacity and reduce cell is traversed, on the average, the average bit error rate purposes.
The method includes: virtual device to the network device transmitting an activation request, the network device determines the virtual device for allowing the virtual device is activated, the virtual device activates itself with the network device driver, according to the network protocol data transmission functionality.
The method of the invention can reduce the overhead data associated with establishing a checkpoint, to conserve system resources.
The apparatus comprises: a receiving module for receiving from the authentication server sends an EAP Success RESPONSE message, to the access server module to send an EAP success response message and the user device is assigned an Internet protocol (IP) address.
The present invention also discloses a device for implementing the method.
The application sends a method comprising: selecting a channel list need to share one or more channels; the one or more channels of information is added to the value, and the resulting value is sent to the recipient.
Embodiments of the present invention and is limited to the user device by detecting a repeat access, in the case where there is no network congestion, and can also control due to the user apparatus itself, a fault or failure causes the correspondent repeat access, thereby reducing the network resources consumed and the power consumption of the user device itself.
The present invention discloses a terminal mode of operation of the configuration method, system, and the base station.
In the prior art to address the loss of HS-PDSCH throughput rate of problems with the invention.
The present invention provides a baseband data transmission methods, devices and systems.
The present invention discloses a passive optical network protection method and system.
In the present invention, the network side active request MBMS service to UEs receiving status information based on the network side, the UE sends a request to the information, the network side when the handover is performed, reference may be made to the MBMS service reception status information, to ensure the continuity of the UEs receive the MBMS service.
The present application low computational complexity.
The present invention addresses the UE transmit/receive antenna configuration due to the asymmetric occur due to problems of the partial channel reciprocity, increasing the downlink transmission performance.
The present invention accordingly also discloses a calling side preventing voice call forwarding of traps at the MSC and systems.
The present invention discloses a mobile device communication method and the mobile device.
The present invention discloses a transmission of the Ethernet 线序 adjustment apparatus and method for solving the existing 线序 adjustment method operating frequency resource consumption of large, high speed to meet system requirements of the technical problems.
The present invention when the video receiving end video window size is varied, the transmitting end immediately to the video encoding parameter change to send a notification of the signaling.
The present invention is primarily used for the broadband network device to be upgraded.
By the present invention, is able to ensure a high priority user quality of service, while a different base station to use the same segment is generated when the frequency spectrum of the downlink interference control, at a reasonable level is achieved within the final inter-cell co-channel interference that is coordinated, each base station is responsible for the reduction of the co-channel interference between cells.
The present invention discloses a method of HARQ mode is determined for causing the network side to the terminal side using the same HARQ mode.
The present invention discloses a video communication terminal, comprising audio modules, video modules, adjustment module and the control module.
The system further includes a global server, a control server and the query server.
To be able to obtain the true reaction in each subscriber network communication process in the perception of the user is aware of the evaluation results.
The present invention discloses a method of rating surveys, receives a television program is being displayed on the television programs; record command to the server; recording of a television program recorded audio stream with the server, according to the recorded television program audio flow statistics that the viewing of a television program.
The present invention is interleaved by parsing the code blocks for the data packet header data of the obtained code block data of the code block parameter indicative signal and Turbo code and a convolutional code according to the characteristics of the interleaving matrix which implements a fast and simple Turbo code and a convolutional code, a universal deinterleaving can thereby be saved systems logic resource and RAM resource overhead.
A second substrate having a conductor located between the dielectric layer, the dielectric layer between the conductors of the conductor wiring layer and/or the second substrate surface of the second adhesive layer.
The method comprising: a mobile terminal to a server sends a request for acquisition of listening to the list (101), the mobile terminal receives the listening server returns the list of user information; the mobile terminal receives the user information and store the characters entered by a user to be matched with the user information, and displays the matching result is determined according to the user's selection, the input information (103).
By the present invention, in the handset can be implemented on the viewing of television programs and the channel is switched multi-picture feature of the handset, the enhanced television user experience.
The present invention provides a communication terminal and human-computer interaction method.
Wherein the method comprises: transmitting device sends a code stream of transport packets, which are encapsulated into the synchronous source identification updates in the transport packet is added to the synchronization source identity update indication; said sending device sends the encapsulated transmission packet is sent out.
The switching unit (21) and the surge units (20) are connected in parallel, adjustment of the switched mode power supply (1) input impedance.
By embodiments of the present invention, it is possible to increase the OTT server to media data request and the controllability of the content to be transmitted.
Pattern matching of the authentication code generation method according to the transmission device, comprising: a port configuration information acquiring said transmission device; FEC mode supported by the FEC mode according to the corresponding table to determine the corresponding FEC mode, the serial number of the FEC mode of the corresponding table in each FEC mode corresponds to a serial number on the sequence number; generating a pattern match the authentication code is arranged.
The present application discloses a sustained achieves a scheduled transmission, a method and apparatus for implementing MBSFN subframe by half for the scheduled transmission.
Through the above technical solution across the device can be accomplished between Multiplex Section protection groups at both ends of the communication, in response to a trigger condition across the device, implementing a multiplex section of protection.
The present invention provides a method of automatically updating a display picture terminal and terminal.
The scheme in meeting the log records report in a timely manner at the same time a number of reports are minimized, thereby prolonging the life of the memory, and, by compressing the log files, as well as the deletion of a log file, to avoid premature log file occupy too much memory space.
A home base station determines whether the state of connection of the method and the home base station, the method comprising: switching the operation flow home base station based on a determination that the home base station is connected to the home base station gateway.
The present invention is directed to network coverage by the terminal, the terminal characteristics as well as the dynamic selection of a short transmission time interval is scheduled mode or a long transmission time interval is scheduled mode using an enhanced dedicated transport channel resources, so that both the network coverage area, in turn, ensures that the uplink high-rate transmission requirements can be satisfied.
The method includes: server sends the multimedia service data is divided into a data stream while producing a stream clip file data description file; when the user download request is generated, the client based on the non real-time transport protocol streaming data are downloaded from the server is described on the basis of the file, and file download streaming data description file and playing streaming data fragments.
The method comprises: obtaining an interface definition information via an interface, the interface definition information acquisition is performed according to the protocol adaptation protocol adaptation, generated by generating a handling mechanism, the protocol adaptation processing mechanism, the received data stream to be treated is protocol parsing processing.
Embodiments of the present invention in different proportions capable of carrier polymeric case for power control.
The present invention has particular artificial magnetic material is the electromagnetic effects of the novel material.
A rechargeable battery as well as the corresponding nested battery and a remote control.
The present invention is calculated by use of the power supply needs to be reserved in the reserved time is needed within the power amount of the reservation, and according to the power level of the power supply such that the use reservation that preferentially securing the user selected important or requires the use of a preferential application functions.
The base station system comprises a radio unit (RU), a baseband unit (BBU) as well as the TMA, further comprises: a column discharge control coupled to the TMA, veneer, for providing a different voltage as the TMA.
The present invention also discloses an interrogating call state information of the device.
Employing aspects of the present invention, may be achieved during the videophone spot multimedia information autonomously, and allow the user to select whether to play the multimedia information during the videophone, increased user experience.
The invention solves the call method results in the user communication cost is relatively high and the problem of long latency that achieves the effect of increasing the degree of the user experience.
The queue management system includes a queue management device and the message parsing module.
The method comprising the steps of: receiving device identifies the logical device and the device address is registered to the ID server or network ID from the ID server; the sending device or a receiving device network obtains the ID of the device address; the transmitting device sends information to the conventional communication network; a conventional communication network sends information to the receiving device; receiving device receiving the information.
The present invention provides a JAVA based mobile terminal authentication system and method, the server and the terminal.
By using the present invention, it is possible to cause the user device capable of obtaining cell TDDUL/DL configuration information.
The invention relates to a media message processing method and the gateway device.
The sending of the message device comprises: a receiving module configured to receive a transmission side to a reception side of the multimedia message; conversion module, is set to the receive module of the received multimedia message into a voice information, sending module is arranged to convey speech information is sent to the recipient's voice mailbox.
By the approach of the invention, it is possible to reduce the complexity of the neighbor cells is calculated, and the priority while taking into account the cell coverage radius and a small interval, the degree of overlap of the new network suitable for large scale to the neighbour cell plan.
Said method comprising: a first device to a network location information of a data center request itself, to receive the network based on the first data center is returned by the identification of a device location information of the first device, the first device transmits the position information, such that the first device within the coverage area of a second device receives the location information and location information according to the positioning is complete.
The present invention provides a method of interworking of networking terminal and the system.
Method comprising: base station and neighboring base station through the interface between the base station and transfer the message encapsulation energy saving information.
The present invention provides a method and apparatus carries processing.
Through the link detection message and detecting the feedback message detects uplink communication conditions, to find the reliable clock from the clock source device, to ensure the correctness of the device clock synchronization.
This embodiment also provides an access device and a message forwarding system.
The present invention provides a turbo decoding result, the output of the method and apparatus by means of a parallel shift register and data spliced to the control module to implement turbo decoding result, it is possible to parallel processing of low cost, very efficient implementation of a turbo decoding result stored output and have low overhead, processing delays and processing simple et al. nature, improving system handling capacity, is advantageous for cost reduction.
One of the common control channel configuration of the adaptation method, system, and the base station controller.
The terminal supports a first mode and a second mode, said first mode and in a first frequency band and said second frequency band in the second mode are mutually interfere with the frequency bands.
Using the present invention enables the core web elements is able to obtain the IMS control point information.
A semiconductor device and its method of programming, said semiconductor device comprising: a semiconductor substrate, said semiconductor substrate is formed with the interconnect lines; through silicon vias extending through the structure; further comprising a semiconductor substrate can be switched ON and OFF state of the programmable device, said through silicon vias structure through the programmable device is connected with the interconnect lines.
The present invention also provides a synchronization device.
The transmission power control method comprising: a network side of a terminal device select control object and object corresponding to the terminals of the control information, and wherein the control information is used to indicate whether the terminal is subject to a preamble transmission power of the preamble arrangement and/or the configuration of the maximum number of transmission times; said network side device transfers the control information to the terminal an object corresponds to each terminal.
Said method comprising: matching route according to the matching conditions to obtain matched to the characteristics of the result of said matching conditions include: whether the route is specified by the features of the features and/or multiple routing characteristics are the same; and according to the matching result is the routing of the corresponding tag dispensing mode.
Embodiments of the present invention is mainly used for video quality evaluation technique.
By the present invention to provide a method and apparatus for improving spectral efficiency can be achieved, and the system performance.
The micro porous membrane comprises at least one chemical has a gel content of more than 20% nanometers in the microporous membrane A layer having a microscopic structure is designed to polyolefin nanocomposite homogeneously dispersed in a matrix of the microfibrils is subjected to post crosslinking treatment is formed of a rubber material, rubber, plastic composite nanometers micro porous membrane.
The present invention discloses a neighbor discovery enhanced interception of a security method and apparatus applied to a network communications arts.
Wherein the monopole antenna is in said veneer, on a first feed point and the PIFA antenna on said single panel of the second feed point located within the wireless terminal, respectively, both ends of the single plate.
The present invention accordingly also discloses a PDCCH adaptive transmission means.
Using this method, and the mobile terminal may increase the speed of the user contact information is entered, the user key times to reduce, enhance the user's experience.
The present invention discloses a loudspeaker diaphragm and the vibratory diaphragm comprises a speaker.
Embodiments of the present invention discloses a method and apparatus to store encoded block.
The invention also discloses that corresponds with the method and system of another control MTC terminal a method and system for transmitting and receiving data.
The method includes: a user terminal processing of the CS service video telephony service when the CS service by the GSM network updates to the TD-SCDMA network.
To facilitate both the accuracy of the SOI thicknesses to meet the required, relative to a gate stack having the same SOI thicknesses at a device, may also be correspondingly increasing the thickness of the source and drain regions, is advantageous for reducing the parasitic resistance of the source/drain regions.
After using the solutions described above, the transmission terminal according to each sub-band may be on different channel conditions, flexibly adjusted data on each sub-band, the modulation scheme can be effectively ensure that the quality of the data transmission, and obtains the gain of the adaptive coded modulation, and thus can further obtain higher throughput and peak rates.
The present invention discloses a control signaling transmission method and system.
The present invention also discloses a method for receiving data and a device for implementing the method.
Prior to solve the CNUs newly installed, it is necessary to know in advance which CBAT CNUs mounted under the increased workload, engineering personnel of a problem.
Fixedly mounted on the housing has an external voltage for incorporation into a USB receptacle, the USB socket and the charging circuit boards are electrically connected.
Wherein the rechargeable battery comprises a rechargeable battery body, an output terminal and a voltage regulator circuit, the voltage regulator circuit for converting the output voltage of the battery body is converted to set after the zener voltage of the output through the output terminal.
The invention solves the authentication scheme in the related art having only applicable to the UICC card terminal, reduces the problem of operator resources required to deploy the GBA, while being capable of meeting a UICC terminal to access the IMS network and may be achieved by way of the SSO to access the IMS network associated with the application services.
The method comprises: the UE receives the transmitted by a base station of the serving cell to which the UE corresponding weighting factor, wherein the count of the counter weight factor, in the mobile state for identifying an estimate of the cell change determining how many times during the course of the serving cell, the UE uses the value of the corresponding count; for the weighting factors to estimate the movement of the UE state.
The present invention provides a two path maximum transmission unit discovery method and node.
The invention ensures that the relay node when the handover is successfully forwarding of the uplink and downlink data transmissions, reducing the delay of the transmission of data transfers.
Wherein implementing the shared information, the method comprising: receiving a shared information and other users sharing information corresponding to the location information, the location information indicates that the shared information is displayed in the position of the other user equipment on the desktop is displayed; according to the position information sharing information.
In the embodiment of the present invention, is determined according to characterize the KPI 失分 KPI corresponding to characterize the QoE 失分 要因, thereby leaving the contribution of 要因 失分, thereby achieving the results to the user is assigned the responsibility of the perceptual evaluation.
The present invention can be applied to the LED lighting applications.
The present invention can be implemented in the system during the multimedia conference conference between members of the instant message to the private chat, multiplayer instant messaging group chat functions so as to enrich the multimedia conference service application scenario of the service, to improve the user experience.
Increasing the processing speed of the codec, and to reduce the processing power consumption.
The present invention is able to achieve a quick check IMEI, while conserving the system resources and reduces the cost of capital equipment.
The SD assembly comprising the SD card holder and a SD card.
Moreover, during the emergency event occurs, the EAB applicable terminal with the appropriate control, the avoidance of such terminal 毫无顾忌 direct access system, reducing the delay in the process when the emergency event system is congested.
There is also provided a method of forwarding messages, the method comprising: receiving user message, it is judged whether the user whether the destination MAC address of the message for the virtual MAC addresses; if the user message from the destination MAC address of the virtual MAC address, then according to the virtual MAC address of the forwarding table corresponding to the subscriber message is forwarded.
Two wireless local area network AP resulting modulation coding scheme in the feedback information sent to the user terminal.
To provide a watertight electronics and waterproof mobile communication terminal.
The present invention provides a network topology automatic discovery methods, devices and systems.
By the invention improves the communication capacity.
The above process is a terminal reselection of the attached P-GW, it is possible to eliminate the terminal to connect to and use the service in the course of a circuitous route, to save transmission of bearer resources, reducing the delay, the transmission of the data packet and is able to ensure that the change of the attached P-GW later, the terminal is still reachable.
Using the method disclosed in the present invention, or the base station is able to satisfy the terminal cycle of uploading data real-time performance requirements.
After using the solutions described above, the system may be measured according to the relevant information of the UE to the bearer setup in the most suitable cell, at the same time at the beginning of the bearer establishment will load balancing implemented in each cell, the load balancing.
In the present invention, the relay stations and relay a cell to be dormant strategy according to a preset to idle state, it is possible to avoid interference, improve network performance, conserving network source of energy, and the like.
Embodiments of the present invention can save PDCCH resources and increase system capacity.
By means of the scheme of the present invention, is capable of implementing upstream of the closed loop transmit diversity, the information in the information feedback from the weights are solved by a closed loop transmit diversity uplink feedback weights of the problem of the client side of the system for facilitating the HSUPA transmission diversity operation is completed.
The technical solution provided by the invention are known in the art, to solve the problem of single mode impedance matching, which in turn can be achieved for the terminal differentiated state for the various applications of the matching results.
The present invention discloses an implementation of the unstructured supplementary data service method and the terminal.
The present invention provides a wireless terminal and its antenna, the antenna comprising: a ground plane element, the antenna line, a line having a slotted metal radiating element, is located at the slotline gap matching point; wherein the grounding elements are located in a line having a slotted metal radiating element, and a surrounding with a metal having a slotted line there is a gap between the radiating element.
The invention relates to a NFC technology based on target links of the WLAN device, method, apparatus, device, and system.
The present invention addresses the PHICH power control in the prior art, thereby resulting in inaccurate data retransmission of the terminal and the base station side of the problem of lost packets.
As a result of the more common functions of formats for abstraction, and with differentiated by separately performing a function, such that the replacement of the system hardware, it does not need to custom develop format, thereby reducing the cost of the software development and testing, while reducing the risk of a test by the operator.
The present invention provides a solution to the above solution, in the related art, the end user is not able to instantaneously to recharge or payment is submitted, the effect on the normal use of the end user and, in turn, and like problems at the end user cannot be reached in time than the action of a charge or payment is submitted, can also collect service related to normal use of the effect.
Said method comprising: a first base station to the second base station to transmit the resource status report request is forwarded to the relay device; a first base station receives the sent from a relay device; a first base station resource status information regarding the Uu port and Un port resource status information to the second base station.
The present invention discloses a signaling tracking method, apparatus and system.
The present invention discloses a method for transmitting a response message, and a user terminal for solving the carrier polymeric scenario in PUSCH cannot be transmitted on the ACK/NACK response information problems.
The solution is only required at the opening of the cavity inside a duplexer between a coupling hole, not only in the relatively low cost and the a-NaFeO2 structure of a duplexer at the ring back to the reliability of the detection process is relatively high.
In the manner described above, the present invention is an asymmetrical antenna and a MIMO antenna on the metal sheet has an asymmetrical engraved at least a first micro channel structure and a second groove structure, and thus is easily able to generate a plurality of resonance points, and the resonant point does not tend to cancel out, it is easy to implement the multi-mode resonating.
Embodiments of the present invention can effectively reduce the inaccuracy is not perfect CSI packet error rate, and the influence of the power of the base station transmitting data to take into account the time delay of the trade-off relationship is determined based on a transmission data rate, and power, reducing the overall power consumption.
According to the present invention may be better able to support wireless communication system random access, to increase the stability and reliability of the system.
The present invention discloses an FM antenna implemented method and to a mobile terminal. The present invention avoids the dual antenna design time, some of the antenna is not good enough due to environmental degradation of the antenna performance that results from a question.
In this way, the network side to the terminal by interfering with the exact knowledge of the correct terminal, which in turn performs scheduling, resource allocation, and MCS selection, the multipoint synergistically effective to increase the transmission of the next system throughput, lifting the system performance.
By the present invention in the related art, to solve the transmission of the user information to network side equipment requiring higher problems.
The present invention discloses an SD card holder, the SD Card and SD assembly, which belongs to the field of electronic products.
The arrangement comprises a first acquisition module, a first determination module, the first transmit module and the receiving module.
In the present invention, prior to data transmission takes place via the service flow management request, to establish or modify between peer and destination peer in a service flow identification identifying the FID "connection".
The present invention discloses a mobile television display control on the mobile terminal, a method and apparatus.
Apparatus and systems, belongs to the field of communications.
The acceleration sensor is disposed to the terminal's movement is converted into an electrical signal.
The method is effective to reduce the current administrative burden on the system, to lift the system processing efficiency.
The artificial microstructure comprising the first segment, the second segment and third lines segments.
Said method comprising: upon detecting a certain Nc chips, the failure of the Nc chips on the links of the NC bearer traffic is switched to a corresponding HBA link.
The present invention discloses a robust LTE system downlink timing synchronization method.
The present invention provides a network in a two-layer business processing system and method and apparatus.
Embodiments of the present invention discloses a passive optical network system and its downlink transmission method.
To take full advantage of the existing network and a called terminal resources, expanding the called terminal, the range of video call is improved by the called subscriber's call experience.
The terminal coexistence time allocation information according to the determined data transmission and reception times of the LTE radio technology and other data transmission/reception time.
When the internal AP detects that the AP channel seizure period at the beginning of the AP is the sole occupant of channel occupying channel period for data transmission.
The method comprising: transmitting a plurality of media stream at the end of the package is a Real-time Transport Protocol RTP data packets are the same, the initial value is used when the accuracy of the clock time is the same as the time stamp for the RTP data packet.
Laminated in the order of the structure comprising: a substrate (101)/anode layer (103)/hole injection layer (104)/hole transport layer (105)/a light-emitting layer (106)/the electron transporting layer (107)/the electron injecting layer (108)/cathode layer (109).
The charging module is formed by a DC input module and the dc output module.
Provided by this invention solves the technical solution, the prior art does not yet have a specific control the UE to report the measurement is carried out, so that a problem of the method may acquire timely latest cell adjacent relationship, ensures that the user's session continuity, improves the quality of service of the user.
Using the present invention, it is possible to reduce the user-perceived time delays, enhanced call.
The apparatus comprises: a receiving module, a conversion module, and a forwarding module.
Embodiments of the present invention can avoid frame drop problem at the time of handover.
Embodiments of the present invention there is provided a method and apparatus for the processing of data.
The present invention also discloses a dynamic license traffic control system.
The present invention is carried out by the status report PLCAM treatment decisions and solves the RLC exceeds the maximum number of retransmissions is released bearer or UE caused a problem.
The present application provides an intermediation multicast transmission method, system, a transit the selection server, a transit node and the terminal.
The receiving method comprising: receiving a value and performs parsing; when the value contained in the one or more channels of information is obtained from the value of one or more channels, and to share information.
Embodiments of the present invention discloses a method for calculating the number of users, and systems relating to communications art in the prior art, to solve the need to be acquired when the number of users for each user to create a site model results in a large amount of computation, consuming the problem of significant computational resources.
The present invention discloses a headset device, the headset using a headphones device and method of processing signals.
Such that the user is viewing video at the same time, there is no need to transfer the attention will be controlled operation can be performed, increases the videoconference session of a controlled operating experience.
The present invention proposes an abstract algorithm based on the physical layer of a heterogeneous network dynamic system level simulation method implements dynamic simulation of a system level, and greatly reduces computational complexity.
The present invention relates to packaging method, comprising the steps of: on the carrier sheet to form a bond; the chip and the passive device attached to a functional face of the glue layer; the carrier plate is tagged with the chip and the passive devices formed on one side of the sealing material layer, are encapsulated curing; removing the carrier sheet and the adhesive layer.
Transform coefficients of the transform coefficient coding method, the decoding method and apparatus.
Embodiments of the present invention also discloses that the corresponding mobile terminal.
A Cell Update or implemented universal terrestrial radio access network registration area URA update method and system.
Embodiments of the present invention also provides a data retransmission method, a relay, a base station and a communication system by way of the above schemes may be such that the relay station retransmits the data and user device sends the new packet data was performed at the same time, to improve transmission efficiency.
Embodiments of the present invention discloses a NC link switching method, a processor system and node.
The present invention discloses a mobile broadband device and a method of managing mobile broadband device. The mobile broadband device includes a web protocol stack module, a Web interface module and the web service implementation module.
By the present invention, the inter-carrier power in the multiple code channels and HS-PDSCH using more reasonable simultaneous increase of the multi-carrier HSDPA traffic throughput.
The method provides an uplink transmission data of resources required to obtain a solution.
The technical solution according to the present invention, it is possible to provide effective to reduce a UE is switched to the blocking, or a hybrid cell latency and overhead.
Using the method and apparatus of the present invention, in the closed loop mode, into higher order modulation and multi-stream case, mapping method compared to existing flow mapping more uniform, having a larger gain.
The present invention discloses a USB virtual card access to a wireless network by means of a method, system and apparatus for resolving access to a wireless network through the USB virtual card in the process of mounting the problem caused by driving.
The present invention discloses a clock synchronization method and apparatus.
Through a media controller storing user requests the data to be streamed, and the data is streamed to the corresponding user device, implementing the data from the distribution network is separated in the CPU, improves the distribution network traffic handling capacity of the CPU, and by allocating indices, in a manner that avoids the user when an excessive increase in the address bits wide.
Embodiments of the present invention discloses a distributed antenna system (DAS) antenna assignment method and apparatus.
After using the present invention solves both the edge of a cell and sector edge user's co-channel interference problems, which again adds to the sector center user, such that the spectrum utilization efficiency of the on-channel networking achieving greatly enhanced.
The present invention discloses a processing method and device of the short message has expired.
The voice call method comprising: video out the platform receives a voice call from the calling switch after the voice call request to the called terminal via the called switch initiates a video call request; if the video call request is successful, a voice call, the caller's voice video platform and pre-selected video is sent to the called terminal.
Through the invention solves a known signal detected in the detection process to be effectively ensure that the probe signal, the detection precision of the problem, achieves improved effect of the sounding signal detection accuracy.
Using the solutions of the embodiment of the present invention, it is possible to effectively prevent the user equipment is already in the cache to cache data request port resource inefficiently, effectively saving an air-interface resource, and possibly to save an air-interface signaling overhead.
This method is able to rapidly accomplish personalization viewing and precise positioning of the viewing.
The present invention discloses a device management system for the gateway is initialized in a method and a device in which the gateway, the method comprising: obtaining from a terminal device, the terminal device information held by the server; the gateway based on the obtained information, the server determines the target server initiates the initialization request from the target server; a gateway according to the initialization information received, is initialized.
The present invention discloses a mobile terminal browser invokes local application methods and apparatus.
A keypad of a terminal with a method and system for processing documents.
Also, using the boundary switching entity for information related to the topology within the domain of the topology detection and processing, so that at the domain traversal link is established at the same time it is possible to avoid the topology within the domain of the storm drain, thereby ensuring that the security of the network within a domain.
The method comprising: the base station sends to the terminal a first message instructing the terminal operable to redirect; the terminal access to the redirection network.
In the present invention by expanding the LMP protocol DATA_ LINK object, the LMP protocol is able to automatically discover ODUflex lossless bandwidth on the link adjustment (G.hao protocol) compensates for the support of the attribute, the control plane is insufficient, enhances the control plane functions.
The first tuned circuit is also connected to the amplifier circuit.
The present invention media message processing method and the gateway device may ensure that the converted media message security.
The network element to provide an access network, the access network system and access method for solving the LTE home base station system architecture is too complex and an overhead and delay is too big problems.
The present invention provides a super cell implemented in a spatial division multiple access under the method and base station.
The device is easy to implement, and has the advantage of low cost, reliable and performance.
Using the method and apparatus of the present invention can effectively reduce the resource allocation arising from the maximum transmit power backoff (MPR), so as to ensure that the user equipment (UE), which in turn ensures that the transmit power of the quality of the signal transmitted by the UE.
Embodiments of the present invention proposed message broadcast by a method, apparatus and system with enterprise Attendant system and office system, and/or messages for the broadcast of the file, and improves the efficiency of the office.
The scheme described above, when the terminal from the microcell is switched to the macrocell, initiating S9* session, the modify/delete operation deletes the fixed network to inform the terminal of the relevant resource.
Embodiments of the present invention discloses a method of establishing a neighbourhood relationship, comprising: a network device discovery has more than one neighbor, neighbors are determined according to a priority policy, the order of the relationship is established according to the neighbourhood relationship established sequentially in the order established neighbor relationships.
On the receiving side can only by decoding of the transmission data stream for each layer, not only the maximum utilization of channel capacity, and that it can be reasonably well with the spatial channel resources.
By the present invention for traffic statistics of the leaf nodes implementing a P2MP multicast tunnel without affecting the other normal branch in case of any failure of the handover and tunnel at a 50 ms is flipped.
The home base station of the present invention selectively IP traffic scene is established under the shunt connection that permits the first determined prior to establishing the connection, eliminates the need for a connection failure caused by reconnected after a signaling resources are wasted. The present invention also provides a home base station is established under selective IP flow splitter connected device.
The present invention provides data download of a method, system and terminal, the data to be downloaded by the assigned to the selected agent terminals for data download, improve the data download resource utilization, shortens the time to download data, the data download speed is improved by the terminal.
The speaker sound holes are provided on the cover, and a loudspeaker and placed between the main body and the speaker are to form with a certain gap for adjusting the quality of sound cavity.
The network management system comprising: a data receiving means for receiving traffic data to the immediate after the instant traffic data is written to hard disk without format in a temporary file; a background writing means for the temporary file read and parsed from the instant traffic data, the parsed after the instant traffic data is stored in the corresponding format.
The present invention should be set for Doherty amplifier, the power amplifier using an entirely new way 管芯组合 breakthrough design power transistor.
Can be achieved by the present invention, the WLAN user experience intelligent, and lift contributes to an increased product, and the additional values.
The method comprises: the UE through the IMS process from the IMS signaling information obtained in the IMS control point; said carrying the IMS UE the information message is sent to the control point in the mobile network or base station subsystem of the first core netting element.
The present invention is configured by the network side of a transmission mode, a downlink control message format and feedback mode to indicate whether the receiving side resource group PRG according to the encoding performed by the joint channel estimation and demodulation.
Can be achieved by the present invention, the mobile network and a fixed network interworking strategy, ensuring the quality of service to the home base station.
The present invention relates to a high speed in an optical transmission system parameter configuration method.
The present invention discloses a multiple interface terminal service transmission method and apparatus, the method comprising: placing a service to be transmitted is divided into a plurality of services in a multiple interface; a plurality of terminals in a transmission interface into a plurality of services, each of the selected sub service transmission interface; a plurality of traffic for each sub-service by selecting a transport interface for transmission.
The inventive method and system can ensure that the sender information security.
An uplink signal power control method, a network side equipment and a user equipment, comprising: a network side equipment transmits the reference signal power is set to the user device specific parameters for user equipment are configured, respectively, with reference to the signal power.
The terminal of the PDCCH according to a resource location UESS CSS and tested blind.
The application server sends the client request message is given to the corresponding application for processing, and the corresponding application is carried out according to the application context data resource locator.
The present invention is directed to a method and system is capable of MTC MTCUE, according to the characteristics of the mobility management signaling related to achieve optimization in the MTC device capable of independently with each of MTC server communicate at the same time, the saving of the mobility management signaling, reduce the signaling of the terminal and to reduce the peak electric losses.
The method includes: 4 G interface to receive data from S1 eNode Bs, and the shunt, the 3 G data to the 3 G RNC, the 4 G data to the UEs; 3 G RNC. the 3 G data to the 3 G, the NodeB by 3 G Node B to the UE.
Embodiments of the present invention is capable of implementing a service of the service, a saving of automatically set on open time.
The present invention discloses a method for improving the performance of a digital predistortion system and method are provided to further increase the digital predistortion performance.
By dynamically configuring for future frame structure, the rich variety of data traffic in view of its different traffic characteristics and requirements are satisfied simultaneously, the link adaptation should be designed with the traffic requirement of adaptive dynamic resource allocation flexible variable frame structure, while at the same time meet different processing capabilities of the device to the processing time requirements.
The present invention discloses a method of application service platform system and its implementation.
Embodiments of the present invention discloses a backboard frame header transmission method and system.
The present invention provides a method of preserving the traffic data and the network management system.
The present invention discloses a traffic scheduling methods, systems, and devices.
The present invention discloses a service access control method and system.
The method comprises: according to the input data stream evenly interposed in a short packet training symbols, and obtain the normalized error signal according to the sampling clock; normalized clock sampling of the filtered error signal to generate the control signal, the interpolation using the interpolation of the input data stream control signals control the interpolation operation.
The present invention provides a control channel for transmitting information processing techniques to increase the area of the downlink control information, it is possible to make efficient use of space division technology, reduces the load of the physical downlink control channel, and to reduce interference between the control channel, broadening the capacity of the control channel.
The present invention discloses a fast channel switching in advance, the multicast request is sent by a method and a system, in order to overcome existing fast channel switching technique in unicast and multicast switching mechanism does not take into account data processing device to join a multicast request processing time overhead, resulting in a fast channel switching the disadvantages of server processing power is wasted.
The present invention relates to the field of video processing, discloses a calibration filter cascade and its intensity dynamic setting of the denoising method.
The apparatus includes a paging indicator value parsing unit and the paging indication channel frame transmission unit.
The present invention discloses a method of binding a physical portal, network card, and communication system.
The present invention discloses a synchronization source identification updates a method, apparatus and system.
The artificial microstructure includes a split ring and from both ends of the open ring, respectively, to the end points of the arcuate extension in the ring, two curved lines, the two curved lines do not intersect one another and do not intersect with the open ring.
The method includes: a system and/or predefined by the network side configured to report indicating the RN to be used for processing the ACK/NACK feedback information, and a processing mode, RN using the processing mode and corresponds with the processing mode of a processing format PUCCH and carrying the ACK/NACK feedback information, to report to the network side.
The present invention discloses a scheduling method, a network device and the terminal device.
Embodiments of the present invention there is provided a wireless terminal and a wireless terminal of a dual antenna system design methods.
The scheme provided in the embodiment of the present invention suitable for use in an OFDMA system downstream of the allocation of radio resources to be used.
Using the present invention, a method and system for implementing network device functions share, increase equipment utilization and data transmission security.
According to embodiments of the present invention, the scheme provided in the combined data is homologous to take account of the data by a confidence level of confidence, upon combining the different embodying the weighting of the received information, further improves the reliability of the decoded information.
The present invention discloses a separate location in the network identity mapping server and its implementation.
By the front-end access systems, the HFC network and terminal to access to the system and in that the front-end access system is provided with a CMFTS and CDC, terminal to access to the system is provided with a CMF as well as transmission media to a user terminal.
A local access to a service handover method and system.
The method comprising: generating a broadcast information frame BCF, indicating the BCF is carried in the physical layer of the configured physical frame structure parameter; transmitting the BCF.
The method comprises: RN in the backhaul link upstream subframe SC-FDMA symbol# k is transmitted to the network side is measured on a reference signal (SRS); wherein the SC-FDMA symbol# k is a subframe in addition to demodulation on any other than the reference symbols, one symbol is predefined by the network side of a fixed value or a configuration indicator.
The present invention relates to an electromagnetically transparent of superabsorbent material.
The present invention also discloses that the corresponding terminal and the base station.
The present invention discloses a signal-to-noise ratio feedback method and apparatus relate to the field of communications. The signal to noise ratio of the feedback error to solve the problem of larger.
This application also discloses a device for implementing the method.
An Internet devices and their charging interface automatically switching method.
Wherein, the UE itself support, for the polymerization of non-adjacent carriers capability information for informing the network side; the network side, the UE supports for use according to the polymerization of non-adjacent carriers at which the cell capacity and the ability of the UE from the UE allocation of resources.
The method comprises: a first terminal to acquire an IP address of the second terminal, the second terminal sends data packets to the directly; wherein the first terminal is an IP terminal, the second terminal is an IP terminal and the second terminal is integrated within a lightweight IP protocol stack is carried by a node control module.
The method comprising: creating a multimedia conference, after the conference is to take place if the received call attendant extension request, the request for the call attendant creates a call originator of a dedicated extension Attendant After the call segments, the trigger call attendant extension scheme.
The present invention alters the input signal by tuning circuit in the amplification of the specific frequency portion, thereby enabling the useful portion of the input signal is amplified, useless portion does not amplify, provides a low insertion loss, low noise figure, frequency-selective diverse, flexibility is strong and targeted strong low noise amplifier.
Thus when a request and a destination terminal for data transmission on the traffic flow in the FID, and may only be used as identification, without the need for interaction of each data packet carrying both destination identification, simplifying the operation.
Thus both realizes diversity reception, improves the reliability of the received signal, again achieving the adaptive modulation coding, improves the efficiency of the received signal, thereby increasing the overall throughput of a heterogeneous network system.
The first interface, the headset is provided to connect to the network.
The present invention improves the terminal switching scheme such that the terminal is a change of state is much simpler, reducing the cost of the wireless access device is implemented so as to satisfy better nomadic/local wireless data access scenario requirements.
The present invention provides an implement a multimedia broadcast multicast service (MBMS) to report the continuity of the method comprising: when a multimedia broadcast multicast service reception status is changed, according to user equipment (UE), a determination is made as to whether the current state of the connection to the network side sends a multimedia broadcast multicast service reception status information.
The present invention discloses a downlink interference between adjacent cells of the control method and system.
The present invention discloses a method and system for the transmission of data.
The present invention discloses a wireless relay node handoff processing method and system.
The present application relates to wireless communications art embodiment, configuration and particularly relates to a determined uplink cyclic shift of the frequency hopping method, system, and apparatus for user equipment configuration for uplink cyclic shift frequency hopping.
The method of the present invention include: the BM-SC sends the bypass transmission data, to establish a session request message of the bypass transmission data bypass link; and the bypass data through said bypass link to a corresponding terminal of the bypass data.
The present invention discloses a joint transmission method and system.
Especially at the terminal number many (e.g., every cell thousands of the terminal), the data upload period is long (for example, several minutes to several hours), in the case of a disclosed embodiment of the present invention of a real time service bandwidth allocation method, it is possible to meet the terminal cycle of uploading data real-time performance requirements.
Embodiments of the present invention discloses a polymeric carriers in a wireless communication system implementing the method and system, wherein the method comprises: configuring a cell by one main carrier and a plurality of secondary carrier; using the main carrier send system messages, and/or synchronization signals, and/or common pilot; is used by the system to dynamically configure the use of the secondary carrier.
The present invention can reduce the loaded to the memory of the node and reject frequency and to improve the performance of the server.
The method may include the steps of: receiving a scaling control instructions; user according to the user's scaling control instruction corresponding to the streaming media server, a streaming media data request, and to receive a corresponding streaming media data and displayed by the display device.
In application Example discloses a handover is triggered and the mobility management entity pool identifier information delivery methods and apparatus relate to the field of wireless communication technology.
The above scheme according to different wireless devices can be actually needs to have allocated to it a corresponding number of address prefix is allocated, it is reasonable to use the prefix and resources, improving system performance.
The present invention also provides a user data tracking system.
The radio frequency interference avoidance of terminals, a method and a system for a network side does not require any modifications made to the added and does not require additional signalling between the network and the terminal, but only by utilizing the existing network related messages can be avoided, and radio frequency interference from frequency resources can be saved, thereby improving the efficiency of utilization of the segment resources.
The electric field vector of an electromagnetic wave incident electromagnetic waves in a direction perpendicular to one or more of the plane into two orthogonal components different from zero.
By the present invention is more advantageous to use of a Remote Desktop technique.
A Session Initiation Protocol session protection method and system.
The present invention discloses a radio resource control method.
The present invention also provides a resource admission control system.
The invention relates to a method and system to 微博 wall display, a computer storage medium.
The method comprising: transmitting a signal from the client side is encapsulated into the n light channel data units in ODU signals; the said n ODU signals, encapsulated in an elastomeric optical channels in the OTU signal transfer unit, wherein said resilient OTUs as the nominal bit rate of the signal varies according to the value of n, the n is an integer greater than or equal to 1.
The mobile terminal, the mobile terminal is provided inside with a built-in antenna.
Using the above method of controlling the cell re-selection of a mobile terminal, is avoided since the target cell is disabled or not access and to decode the BCCH information, the standby power consumption is reduced, which increases the efficiency of the operation of the protocol stack.
The present invention discloses a mobile communication network to a terminal.
In the embodiment of the present application to report the power margin of the method comprising: at a pH to report information is required, it is determined that each of the configuration and the activated cells of the PH of the current time of day information, wherein said cell comprises a downlink subframe of the current time is determined to report a cell; a PH information.
In the embodiment of the present invention, the terminal to the server by the server route information, the path information is sent to the terminal is located, so that the group of other terminals in the group of the terminals within the path information is shared between the terminal and meets the requirements of the path information sharing.
The present invention controls the uplink closed-loop transmit diversity technique, to ensure that the user equipment is configured with the case of the dedicated channel can be activated/deactivated upstream of closed loop transmit diversity.
Said method comprising: obtaining video data; video quality evaluation according to a predetermined parameter threshold level and said video data, it is determined that the first encoding parameter; according to the first coding parameters on said video data is encoded to produce a first encoded video data; transmitting said first encoded video data to the user terminal.
Embodiments of the present invention can reduce the data traffic system, reducing the risk of transmission errors, BMC signaling resources of the system.
The present invention discloses a in an Ethernet link is found to be enabled on the link layer protocol (LLDP) function, comprising: a process implemented in the terminal on a network device and the correspondent network devices, respectively, are open on the global enable LLDP; in this end on the Ethernet interface of the network device and the peer network device on a non-Ethernet interface, respectively, are open LLDP port enable.
A wireless link recovery method and apparatus, the method comprising: a terminal on a wireless link for detection, when it is detected that the wireless link is a problem occurs while waiting for the wireless link recovery period, the terminal is at a first predefined set of pilot points between alternating attempts to recover the wireless link.
An embodiment of the present invention increase the OCS 入账 efficiency, improved OCS on the real time performance.
By the present invention, the home base station can be on the fixed network resources using a grant tone occurs in the case of user doing business as CSG, providing a quality of service (QoS) guarantees.
The present invention provides a coding method.
Accordingly, a MEMS microphone and pressure sensor and method for making same, by two substrate will be a capacitive pressure sensor unit and the microphone unit is integrated, suitable for large scale production of the various MEMS sensors, integrated chip structure.
The present invention also discloses a multiple input multiple output of multi-user scheduling means. The present invention is paired to significantly reduce the computational complexity of the user.
The present invention also provides an OFDM based data transmission system.
The present invention discloses a method of establishing a label switched path, node belonging to a device and a system communications art.
The purpose of the present invention is to provide a plurality of the mobile device for implementing a shared resource information between method and apparatus.
According to the present invention can increase the speed of the CMMB service is initiated, the effective boost efficiency, increased user experience.
By the present invention is based on the mobile terminal and the digital terminal over a WIFI network between a point-to-point transmission technique, the mobile terminal's voice data into a digital terminal, which may be performed by the digital terminal, a voice call while avoiding the increased radiation does not affect the user's network experience.
The present invention also discloses a mobile terminal.
The CCP is calculated for each base station to select all of the maximum transmit power, and the base station itself is the maximum allowable transmission power for a minimum value as the maximum transmit power of the base station, and notifies the base station when in use of the spectrum according to a selected maximum transmit power for operation.
The system further includes a global server and the query server.
The present invention also discloses a baseband processing system
The method comprising: transmitting information, the user terminal generates and transmits information is modulated to produce the data modulation symbols; the user terminal uses the cell specific scrambling sequences on the data modulation symbols are scrambled using DFT-S-OFDM; said user terminal transmission structure by time domain spreading manner, transmitting the scrambled data modulation symbols.
The present invention provides a determines the received power of the downlink reference signal and a terminal, the method determines the received power of the downlink reference signal with the uplink channel condition is consistent with an increased extent, to reduce the error.
In the present embodiment, the access network device to the type information of the UE and the network according to the determined load condition, the different types of terminals using different processing manner, so that no significant increase in the hypothesis where the signaling overhead, it is possible to control the machine type communication (MTC) terminal to access the existing network at the effect of the network.
Embodiments of the present invention using the proactive deployment spectrum slot, thereby enabling the fast implementation, analysis and identification of crosstalk and at the same time has a minimal effect on the normal traffic.
The present invention will be solar charging module as an accessory to the mobile terminal organically bound together, solves the battery capacity of the mobile terminal, and the problem of insufficient embodying the design concepts of environmentally friendly, and developed a charging device as a function of the mobile terminal the Siamese fittings, both aesthetic and practical.
The present invention also discloses an inversion of the multimedia stream accounting system and terminal.
Carrying out the channel information feedback method and apparatus.
The present invention discloses a traffic handling apparatus, systems and methods.
The present invention discloses a filter, the filter comprising: a filter body; a cavity integral connector connected to the filter body is set to be connected to an external device, and transmit signals.
The present invention also discloses that the corresponding system.
The present invention media message processing method and the gateway device at different service interworking can ensure that the security of the partially encrypted media.
The first device is a user equipment, the S-CSCF and the HSS/HLR or IMS reselection process the source in the IMS control point.
Compared to the prior art, the present invention is capable of changing the wireless communication terminal is required to perform only passive network side may be limited, according to the requirements of the service switching network of active to make corresponding adjustments, the use of increased user experience, while reducing the signalling load of the network.
In the present embodiment, a microwave device, by selecting a connection unit, according to a preset policy selection of M antenna elements, and the select number N of the N antenna elements connected to the power distribution unit.
The method comprises: the home base station based on the initial operation flow into the network determines whether the home base station is connected to the home base station gateway.
The present invention also discloses a mobile terminal.
Alternatively, the GSM radio frequency front end is coupled to two acoustical table type 单进双 out two filter by a table filter type acoustical 单进双 GSM radio frequency transceiver, coupled to receive the signal.
The present invention can increase the speed of the terminal, simplifying the dial-up networking process is accelerated by the logic in the speed dial, while also reducing the complexity of the software, to increase the stability of the program.
Embodiments of the present invention may be applied in an Ethernet operation management maintenance.
Which belong to the same IPSec SA of the message is to be distributed to the same thread.
Examples of the present application method comprising: scheduling is determined to be required, the edge of the user equipment and the central user equipment; is determined edge user equipment; assigning resources in the user equipment for the edge after allocating resources for determining the center of user equipment allocation of resources.
According to the embodiment of the present invention in a ring network from any node of the clockwise direction and the counterclockwise direction is approximately the same as the acquisition time error, and therefore is monitored by monitoring the time error, so that the failure time can be increased efficiency, reduced cost of maintenance application.
The present invention can reduce a handoff interrupt latency, improve upon the switching of the switching system throughput, and in or after the handover of the UE reselects CoMP cell set and the switching cell set, so that the UE can obtain the same after the handoff of the service.
Embodiments of the present invention, a scheme for carrying a logical relationship information useful to increase the ability of the matching text class information.
The sealing arrangement is able to achieve stereoscopic sealing effect.
If the preset user access network element receives the access response message has a predetermined response is carried in the content, it is determined that the AAA server of the service state is normal.
The present invention provides an optical power 调测 method.
In addition, when positioned at the edge of a cell is in state UEs CoMP CoMP cell within the set of switching, the E-UTRAN is capable of effecting a handoff as soon as possible, adequately assured service continuity.
The present invention in a legal MTC UICC application of the device to the device, the illegal MTC does not enable the illegal MTC device connected with the MTC server, thereby establishing a corresponding illegal MTC precludes the use of the apparatus.
The implementation of the present solution, can accommodate variable bandwidth network demand, increasing the line encapsulation efficiency.
The technical solution according to the present invention, BPCF BBF access network access to be able to obtain the user information of the UE.
Simplifies the QoS mechanism in a wireless access system, the parameter configuration for the wireless device and the terminal is effective to reduce the signaling between the overhead.
The present invention, through a DNS server is queried for an IP address of the dynamic load values for the IP address, the load value, etc. data is updated dynamically.
By the present invention is that the system may utilize a CCM to track the status of the link, and improves the handling capacity of the system.
The present invention also provides a respective computer system and to bus adapter.
Method embodiment of the present invention comprises: a traffic control device receives the switching device to send the call control requests, comprising extracting a call characteristic parameters, which determine whether there is a call characteristic parameter with the corresponding call control entries, and if so, returning to the switching device to reject the call message, and if not, then the billing request is sent to the charging apparatus.
Wherein, said apparatus comprising: a receiving module configured to receive from the user terminal of the loan request message; determining module, configured in accordance with the loan request message determines that the user terminal's loan amount; execution module, is arranged to introduce a loan amount for the user terminal as to recharge the monetary amount of the payment service recharging.
Wherein the method comprises:-at the transmitting multiplexed data, respectively, is homologous to the additional individual homologous data, or in the trustworthiness of the homologous receiving multiplexed data acquired when the multiple homologous data; a confidence level of said multiplexed homologous data according to a confidence level of said multiplexed homologous data are combined.
The present invention provides a dynamic host configuration protocol (DHCP) dynamic address configuration for a network connection keep-alive process, comprising: a client via a dynamic host configuration protocol to access the network, monitoring the current network after a connection to a network connection; when detecting malfunctions, the release of the network configuration currently used, again by a dynamic host configuration protocol for access to the network.
The present invention discloses a method and device address allocation.
The present invention discloses a streaming media feedback of implementation of the method, system, and apparatus, wherein said method comprises: sending a streaming media data at the transmitting end, the feedback message indicative of the information transmitted to the receiving end via in-band manner.
Embodiments of the present invention, using a diode detector implementation of the digital baseband predistorted feedback channel.
In the embodiment of the present invention, the location server according to the home base station of the location request to the home base station location processing is required for a home base station itself, to implement the location of the position.
The above method and system, a computer storage medium, facilitate the second SNS user directory different geographic locations of the buddy personal dynamic.
The present invention discloses a radio parameter configuration and a signal transmission method and apparatus for solving for indoor scenes cover, hot spot, due to the use of wireless parameter selection and discomfort of said scene signal transmitting method of wireless data transmission, and causes the system is too high, the overhead cost problems with excessive.
The present invention discloses a virtual terminal supporting a multicast data forwarding method and apparatus.
The present invention also proposes a corresponding device and system.
The artificial electromagnetic materials could be substituted for the existing electromagnetic material applied to a variety of electromagnetic waves of the application system.
Can be achieved by the present invention, the control of the user to the advertisement distribution.
The present invention discloses a dual polarized radiation unit comprising a metallic reflective backplane and two pairs of mounted in said metal reflective on a floor of the elements, each pair of elements of the dipole arms are parallel to each other or are in the same line between the two pairs of elements of the dipole arms are perpendicular to each other.
The proxy download server comprising: means for receiving, the determination module and a transmit module. The mobile terminal includes a transmit module and a download module.
The present invention discloses an IPTV system in a live media stream, a method and apparatus for using the IPTV system integrated apple format in the http protocol flow scheme in the art iphone, Apple Computer, ipad ipodtouch et al. providing a terminal rate adaptation of prior art direct broadcast services, avoiding the IPTV system integration RTSP transmission media file is the code rate of a single defect.
Upstream information, scheduling method, comprising: determining a current terminal of an ACK/NACK is required to receive a subframe of the sub frame number to the sub-frame Subframe number is indexed database for database access control, to obtain the corresponding subframe number of ACK/NACK information, according to the scheduling information obtained by the subsequent PUSCH retransmitted or retransmission.
In addition, embodiments of the present invention also provides a corresponding forwarding means.
In this example, fused to the rapidity of the analytical model and a numerical model of the accuracy of the obtained accurately calculate the required all physical parameters, improves the accuracy of the simulation results.
The present invention provides a spatial gap having a meta-material, multilayer meta-material function board by the combination, the meta-material function board comprising a dielectric substrate in a dielectric substrate as well as the array on a plurality of artificial microstructures.
Detection method of the invention, the detection means and the detection system is powered on, the master device can be easily and quickly before detection of a radio frequency antenna device port connection scenario, whereby it is possible to shorten the working time and reducing maintenance costs.
Since, according to the channel performance of each subband, respectively, for each subband, the MIMO mode can be configured to meet performance requirements for different subbands, thereby improving the overall performance of the communication system.
The waterproof effect is better, can be tailored to the particular application environment.
The device and the base station is adapted to carry out the method described above.
The antenna system further comprises: a switch network.
The present invention provides a synthetic microstructures and the artificial microstructure of wires with a conductive material.
The auxiliary power amplifier device is adapted to employ the laterally diffused metal-oxide semiconductor (LDMOS) device for signal power amplification.
A data compression, transmission, reception and decompression method and corresponding device, operative in a lower complexity and more small error in the implementation of the IQ data compression, and can be implemented with fewer resources IQ data compression factor of transmission.
In the cloud computing application server system supported on an application server in the cluster and running the application, and at cloud computing application service is maintained in the system and an application of a description of the application information with the corresponding relation between the application server.
The present invention discloses a control channel resource allocation method and system, the method comprising: a base station in the basic frame of system information channel carrying control channel resources in the starting location description field, the terminal receiving the system information channel in accordance with said control channel resources after starting location description field determines the control channel of the starting decoding position.
The present invention discloses a coaxial Ethernet white list in the system, method and system configuration is applied to the field of communication networks.
Embodiments of the present invention there is provided a switching unit chip, a router and a cell information transmission method.
The technical solution according to the present invention, it is possible to provide a simplified remote presentation terminal control, remote presentation system is implemented with a conventional conference television fusion.
The first filter channel comprises a first resonator and the second resonator.
The present invention provides a 光时域 detection signal (OTDR) sensing devices and a correlation coherent 光时域 detection signal of the detection method.
The present invention discloses a based on an IPSec Security Association message processing method, comprising: transmitting Internet Security Protocol security IPSec message according to the message belongs to the IPSec Security Association SA distributed to each thread.
According to this application example, the SAR value may be reduced, while at the same time is able to ensure that the radio performance.
The present invention is that the gateway, during use, the initialization process is complete.
The CDMA signal is superimposed on the LTE/LTE-A; and in the CDMA signal to LTE/LTE-A signal superimposed on the frequency spectrum of the limit on a resource, the overlap of the LTE/LTE-A received signal maximum PSD.
The control module in accordance with the received audio signal and a video signal, the video module adjustment parameter is determined and transmitted to the adjustment parameter adjustment module.
The network side when the handover is performed, reference may be made to the MBMS service reception status information, to ensure that the user equipment receives the MBMS service continuity.
The present invention provides a channel coefficient matrix information feedback method, comprising: configuring a singular value codebook; the singular values from the plurality of code words in the codebook selection as the channel coefficient matrix, and a plurality of singular values, and the estimated value of the plurality of singular values in the singular values of the estimate of the number of codebooks is fed back to the base station.
Comprising: a pre-set number of uses of the last name in the ordered queue and the name of the queue and stored.
The present methods and systems, the UE's MDT flow and activate the UE location service flow 衔接起来, ensuring that the MDT scheme can be implemented based on reports of the location information.
The present invention is able to take full advantage of existing AAA server and GGSN and an AAA server and the message of the flow, thus having a relatively good economy and feasibility.
A second substrate disposed opposite to the first substrate by means of the first adhesive layer and the second adhesive layers, the first adhesive layer is fixedly connected with the second adhesive layer and each corresponding to a pattern of conductive material.
The present invention discloses a mobile switching centre of the IMS control point information acquisition method and system.
The present invention also discloses an uplink discontinuous RB of the dispensing device.
The present invention also discloses a indicates that the user equipment non-adjacent carriers polymerisation capability of the system, including the network side and the UE.
The present invention discloses a standing wave ratio alarm detection method and apparatus, the base station.
The present invention provides a method and apparatus for transmission of the message, the method comprising: in a chat interface needs to be received on a plurality of chat edit user contact information and content information; the content information and the contact information is packaged into a predetermined format message; the message sent to the contact information corresponding to a mobile phone terminal.
The present invention discloses a link the tracking processing method and system.
Embodiments of the present invention there is provided a clock jitter correction method and apparatus.
A portion of the frequency re-use of the resource allocation method and apparatus.
The load drive device and system to increase the reliability of the drivers; and, and is able to reduce the complexity of the circuit.
The apparatus comprises: a receiving module and the compensation module.
And, upon completion of playback of multimedia information, said terminal to initiate the videophone request.
The invention relates to a keypad of a terminal, and the electronic document positioning method.
i.e., for the presence of the global motion of the video source is compressed, the determination may be determined by way of a unified motion prediction, without relying only on image based on a macroblock, motion prediction process of the sub-block for each macro block sub-block in turn makes the determination.
At the same time, the present invention also discloses a mobile circumscribed by the AP and STAs.
The shortcut is set to the calling terminal in a corresponding function.
The present invention provides a method of scheduling based on the groups, the UE and a network device.
One of the network connection information is acquired using LLDP method and system.
The present invention can be used as a battery box support frame of the wireless communications terminal.
The present invention can be a global viewpoint from the terminal to the power consumption for positioning and optimization problem, and employs user interactivity with the power consumption information in a manner that is more convenient for the user to understand and operation, saving in power reaches a terminal to use a purposes.
By applying the present invention discloses an authentication method and wireless local area network, the mobile terminal can be done automatically causes the mobile terminal to a wireless local area network of the WEB authentication without the need for user input, nor need the account password WEB authentication interface displayed to the user, thus avoiding the authentication operation is laborious, enhancing the user experience.
The sensitivity can be improved, and the dynamic range, signal to noise ratio during the transmission process does not affect the image quality can be achieved, and the gain is adjusted.
With possible to employ a method and system of the present invention, the base station can be realized with the operations and maintenance center server communication is established, the base station is able to automatically download and update version.
By the present invention obtains MBMS neighbor cell information, the service provisioning and configuration information according to the MBMS service and the user device to the MBMS service reception information selects the target cell for the user equipment, the user device is a handover to a target cell of the solution implemented so that the user equipment is able to switch to a suitable target cell.
The present invention will be transmitted downstream frequency band is divided into a plurality of wavelet bands, each wavelet with desired digital-to-analog conversion and the IQ modulator element is of a single wave band scheme are lower than the rate required rate of the device, thus reducing the system implementation cost.
The present application relates to wireless communications art embodiment, particularly relates to a method of performing an interference coordination, system, and apparatus for uplink and downlink traffic demand for dynamically changing the proportion of the scenario, time slot interference is reduced.
The present invention discloses a cancel pilot co-channel interference on the, relates to a method and apparatus for communication techniques.
A handover method and a base station.
The DRX timer is associated to the PDCCH subframe number is length statistical units of DRX timer.
Embodiments of the present invention, by the frame data is composed of a AU-3 frame format to the TU-3 frame format, and consequently the TU-3 frame format, the data is mapped to a virtual container VC4, resulting in a VC4 frame format data is accomplished in a data frame format for the VC4, satisfying the emulation of the web is now needs to be permeable to transfer AU pointer requirements, the entire contents of each of which the AUs to be simulated permeable 传过去 requirements.
In the present invention, by future electrical service contents attribute for a keyword and an incoming reason attribute type keywords in the matching is carried out automatically to complete the call, the cause of the collection.
Embodiments of the present invention, method, apparatus, and system for the CP is authenticated by CDN2, ensures that the CDN1 and CDN2 interworking between safety for the CDN2 only and CDN1 subscribes to the CP provides services.
The present invention discloses a signal data pattern matching method, system, and framer.
Said method comprising: an optical line terminal real-time detection of uplink bit error rate as a function of the bit error rate has reached the predetermined condition is configured by advancing on to the error correction scheme.
Moreover, if the hardware accelerator with the FFT is done using a segmentation process, due to the small size of the FFT may be used instead of the original requires a large size FFT can be completed within a search, reduces the complexity of the hardware implementation, thereby reducing cost, and can be recycled to the original small size of the FFT module.
The control circuit receives and is responsive to radio channel selection based on the radio channel selection associated with a tunable circuit determines the predetermined inductance of the capacitance of the varactor.
The present invention is able to cope with the repetition detection attack, the network device.
The present invention discloses a broadband access system based on the HFC network.
When the user equipment is configured with a dedicated channel, when the decision by the Node B to the radio network controller and a user plane for transmitting uplink indicating the activation/deactivation of an uplink frame of closed loop transmit diversity.
The present invention discloses a similar mail processing system and method, the art belonging to the network.
The present invention discloses a terminal IP address management method, comprising: determining the IP address of the terminal and/or the terminals of the universal integrated circuit cards UICC IP address with the IP address of the access network for the collision, the terminal and the terminal of the UICC to configure a new IP address.
The present invention also discloses a method of implementation of the virtual terminal system.
Further, also in the AP does not need to be introduced in the IP layer forwarding work phase, thereby effectively AP equipment costs, while also reducing the LTE-LAN system running the network deployment and maintenance costs.
Implementing aspects of the present invention, is involved in the communication between the wireless communication device without; in time synchronization, strong anti-interference capacity identification and solves the problem of false wake-up, improves the reliability of the slaves; can be shortened by reducing the probing period, is received from the device window time, reducing the power consumption of the communication system.
Embodiments of the present invention is primarily intended for broadcast multicast services in the course of the data transmission.
The invention belongs to the field of information technology, in particular a TCM or on the basis of the TPM of dynamic license management methods, devices and systems.
Embodiments of the present invention can be implemented in the base station is the anchor point for the UMTS and the LTE system resources in a scene of the polymerization of the UMTS is derivatised to push the integrity key and the encryption key, such that the user equipment can be carried out by the UMTS, which in turn can improve the secure communication of data transmitted on UMTS security.
When the data migration occurs while the session has not ended, the origin node notifies the new node terminal of the original node maintains a session state, the terminal's traffic control.
The present invention also discloses a access network device.
The present invention also discloses other promote heterogeneous network interference, as well as facilitate coordination method means for coordinating heterogeneous network interference.
The method comprises: the visual communication of the originator terminal and a receiver terminal through respective Bluetooth module establishes the originator terminal and said recipient terminal, a Bluetooth wireless communication link between the originating terminal; and said recipient terminal via an established between the Bluetooth wireless communication link transmission of multimedia information, visual communication is performed.
The present invention discloses a multipath beam forming method.
By the above described method and apparatus, and reduces the need to read and write address of the original data of the storage space interleaving or deinterleaving, simplifying the process.
The use of the present invention monopole antenna, provided by a circular polarization operation can be achieved, and the manner of a circularly polarised antenna compared to the conventional effectively reduces the size of the antenna, and facilitates the integration by the general monopole sub-antenna plus gap on the floor of a circularly polarized antenna, dramatically increasing the bandwidth. Capable of reaching a relative bandwidth greater than 40%.
Using the scheme provided in the embodiment of the present invention, the implementation of the data required to process control parameter in each collaboration between the cells of the distribution, also realizes a data collaboration multipoint downlink of a transparent transmission.
The information of the mobile terminal to provide an input method, system and mobile terminal.
Using the decoding means, reduces the required memory resource, reduces the complexity of the hardware implementation of the decoding device.
The present invention is able to ensure that the mobile station and the base station receives a signal component of the relative amount of constant case, to avoid a numerical simulation of the channel data processing results in a loss of signal, generating an adjustment factor in the simulation process, can be used for subsequent flexible distribution of the dynamic range.
The present invention is paired to significantly reduce the computational complexity of the user.
Embodiments of the present invention discloses a method and apparatus for processing messages for supporting the message priority in the case of the replay attack problem is solved, the normal operation of the system.
Each antenna switch corresponding one of the antennas.
The present invention on the existing M2M device management mode for an augmented, does not require the networking of each M2M devices are managed as the M2M terminal, thereby reducing the required in the management of the networking of M2M terminal, reducing the number of networked M2M device in a management cost and also reduces the M2M device in the development and standard uniform manner, managing the difficulty of more flexible.
By the present invention, video, voice call from a calling terminal platform is converted to a voice call to a called terminal in a video call, a video call request is successful, in a situation where the caller's voice and pre-selected video is sent to the called terminal.
A remote powering of the coax network, the method comprising: acquiring a coaxial network coupled on the remote to the supply voltage, by said remote supply voltage is generated in the remote head-end equipment, and is coupled to the coaxial network; the said remote supply voltage as a power supply for supplying power.
The method comprising: in the terminal upon the location registration is performed, the location server to establish the connection information with a terminal identification and the mapping of terminal location information. The present invention also discloses a location server, the location server configured to: perform location registration in the terminal, there is established a terminal identification and connection information and the end position information of the mapping relationship.
A terminal, a value transmission method and apparatus, the method comprising: dividing the local to the non-textual information to be sent to the data management server, and to record the corresponding link is the link address in the address by value format packetized into packets of data value, the value data packets to the value server.
Solved by the present invention is not addressed in the related art can provide the network load information, and also not suggest how to provide the network load information cannot be performed better to some of the services of a problem, even more advantageous for some service working.
The present invention discloses a method for the treatment of abnormal phone and device.
This scheme discloses a link data acquisition method, link data acquisition system and device.
Using the present invention differs from the conventional electromagnetic wave principle of transparent material is a transparent, so that the electromagnetic wave characteristic is not bound by the substrate material to greatly enhance the applicability of electromagnetically transparent material.
The present invention relates to the field of communications, the HeNB discloses a method for locating and means for HeNB exact knowledge of the location information.
The present invention further provides a MIMO antenna and meta-material radio frequency antenna.
The streaming media storage, playing method and corresponding digital video broadcast system based on level (DVBTier) implementation of streaming media storage and playback is performed for a user associated with the trick mode playback can be obtained when a consistent with the desired effect.
The present invention discloses a method for controlling a UE measurement, comprising: a radio network controller sends to the UE the ANR measurement configuration messages, the UE receives the ANR measurement configuration messages, ANR is measured and the measurement results are stored in the buffer area; when the buffer is full, the UE is required to hold a new measurement is covered with the new measurement result of the measurement results of the previously saved.
By the present invention, a user may, through a terminal is subscribed, completion of the security authentication, and notifies the IPTV network side according to the first terminal of the IPTV subscription information, is sent to a second terminal of the associated service content.
The apparatus further comprises voltage detection module, a decision module, the control module and the multimedia terminals coupled in series with a second resistor in the interface.
A wireless communication network the dynamic optimization method, device, and a wireless communication system.
The method comprises: receiving a customer list is selected according to the function of the function to be varied according to the local identification information; generating a key pair, the key pair comprising: a private key K
The present invention provides a method for resource request, the central station and the access point, the method comprising: requesting the transmission resources are carried in data frames; transmitting said request for resources carrying the transmission data frame.
As compared to the existing system in package, highly integrated wafer level packaging system is even reducing the internal resistance, inductance, and the like, the interfering factors are also more readily conform to the tendency of the compact, lightweight, and thin semiconductor package requirements.
A data retransmission method, a relay, a base station and a communication system.
Wherein the first artificial microstructured optical principal axis direction is parallel to the first direction of the electric field, the second artificial microstructured optical principal axis direction is parallel to the second direction of the electric field.
The solar cell assembly comprising a plurality of aligned in rows/columns of said solar cell constitutes a solar cell string.
The method includes: a Digital Living Network Alliance (DLNA) function of the at least one master device and a slave device having DLNA functions of the master device, a local area network; the server retrieves the streaming media from a streaming media content for decoding resources and played after decoding; said master device, and a streaming media resources to said slave device in the local area network streaming media decoded shared transmission resources.
The present invention relates to a superabsorbent material comprising 种吸波) with opposite side surfaces of the substrate.
The present invention also simultaneously based on the SDR discloses a method for the application of the baseband radio interface using the baseband radio frequency interface and its method of use in the baseband radio interface can be guaranteed with the commonality of the simple circuit provided at the same time, the advantages of low power consumption, and the vector can be simply realized multi-core processor or a digital signal processor (DSP) scheduling.
The present invention provides a dial device implemented according to the user's needs and 虚拟拨号 method.
A data processing method, the data processing system and associated apparatus for reducing the power consumption of the system.
Embodiments of the present invention also provides a corresponding cloud client and the local client.
The present invention provides a technique for solving scheme may be part of a time synchronization device in a scene downstream device is not able to switch to the higher clock accuracy on a time synchronization device of the problem.
The present invention also discloses a mobile terminal.
The method of the present invention to provide for good control of the electrical system of the real power flow and the reactive power flow, improving the economics of the operation of the power system and security.
Embodiments of the present invention by a separate clock plate to all of the cross plate and the service panel provides a frame header, the cross plates and between the cross plate and traffic between plates is no longer transmit frame header information and therefore saves the backplate traces, and reduces the number of the backplane connector.
Then determines the target communication network device and the target communication network device interface.
The mobile terminal device may be connected to a latch mating, SIM card software implementing a double protection, even if the mobile terminal in the latch software from being illegally defeat, however, since the SIM card is in the deadlocked state cannot be normally removed, thereby greatly increasing the security of a mobile terminal, and to protect the operator and the mobile terminal manufacturers 合法权益.
The keys are disposed in said slot.
The present invention also discloses a variation on a multipoint cooperative centralised wired port data transmission system.
The present invention also provides an optical power 调测 devices and systems.
This application also discloses a device for implementing the method.
Wherein, the laser projection light source module comprising: a first laser module, comprising: a first laser array; the second laser module, comprising a second laser array; the third laser module, comprising a third laser array; and RGB laminated mirror for the red laser module, the green laser module and a blue laser module of light emitted by a light beam processing, and outputs the combined beam. the beam after
The present invention discloses a method and system for the transmission of data.
The present invention discloses a method and apparatus that transmits data to terminals.
The receiver also comprises a control circuit, the control circuit is coupled to the output terminal and the at least one control input.
While the present invention is provided in the implementation of a method of implanting the content value is very simple practical engineering of an existing system, for small, utility is strong.
Since the diode detector has a simple structure, not only reduces the feedback channel, on the number of radio frequency devices, reducing the hardware implementation complexity, power consumption can be reduced, and further capable of the feedback path of an analog part is integrated into a chip.
The present invention is directed to a different timing configuration, the use of different scheduling manner, by making the main carrier and the secondary carrier radio frame starting time is held fixed time offset, thereby achieving the carriers in a multi-carrier system, the scheduled time across the primary and secondary carrier with the slot on the subcarriers is capable of making a full carrier resources scheduling and used.
Wherein said signal amplifier further comprises a first tuning circuit and the first input filter means.
The present invention discloses a radio resource control RRC connection was established, a method and a device belonging to the radio communications field
This application also discloses a device for implementing the method.
The method comprising: sending a first sender client, wherein the media message carrying the network media content identification; server receives said first media message, according to the network media content identification of the corresponding network media content is acquired, and generates the second media message, and wherein said network medium carrying the acquired content; the recipient client from the media server to retrieve the second media messages.
The spring pieces in the drawer when the drawer box into the recess into the cover.
The present invention can reduce and avoid 2/3 G to be terminal because 双模单 "2, 3 G dual-mode handover" policies of the network reselection frequently caused severe, the power consuming calls, call failure 脱网 et al., improve the user of the terminal use experience.
The present invention is implemented using the AAA server based on the identity of the WCDMA network in position separation is the primary function of the mapping server.
The present invention discloses a 种宫格 interface and the display method of the mobile terminal.
The present invention is capable of multimedia streams during a call was reversed charging, extends the reverse billing applications.
The present invention can support various cases of the media streams can be reversed, accounting for only part of the media stream, the media stream may also be for all of the global billing may be carried out for a certain period of time, it is also possible for billing a multimedia stream.
The present invention discloses a method and its analog network simulation structure, the structure comprising a plurality of nodes and arcs, the arc between the nodes connected by the arc that is provided with a switch, the control of the arcs of the on/off, thereby changing the network topology.
The present invention more options may be provided for a user to browse and editing the video.
The automatic configuration can be achieved using the present invention between the transmission apparatus, the FEC mode, to avoid manual operation causes an error.
In the present invention, by clicking a dial-up service application server to perform the signaling control, conference mix, do not require the particular terminal, upon clicking a dial-up service and can be effected under the control of the application server to the plurality of logical called for a group call and broadcast.
Embodiments of the present invention reduces the hot backup of the NAT device, as well as improves the processing load of the NAT device flexibility and a hot backup hot backup efficiency.
At the same time also has other conventional common mode scheme and the hardware construction cost reduction in manufacturing costs, and so that the effect of the 3 G smooth operation of the LTE/演进到 LTE-A difficulty and implement the risk is minimized.
The method places the power communication device is mounted on a power line in a wired manner, the signals are coupled to a power line, then according to the high voltage power line characteristic to the space, and finally the wireless carrier signal propagation in a wireless manner to receive wireless signals.
Employing aspects of the present invention, the cache server system may be disposed and a more compact and convenient to use a faster access speed, the system may automatically expands, and automatically to be updated.
The present invention also provides a DHCP dynamic address configuration for a network connection keep-alive mechanism.
A dynamic tunnel failure diagnosing method and apparatus and system.
Using the system and method can improve the transmission efficiency of the mobile terminal data.
Using the apparatus and method of the present invention increases the capacity of the storage medium holding a log, and read and write log processing speed, and to avoid significant log loss.
The interworking gateway node to receive the data message, and release the access node and the position of the interworking gateway node identifies the address of the access node, the recording position of a corresponding user terminal and the identification of the identity of the mapping relationship; and to the external network interworking gateway node sending the data message.
The present invention discloses a tunnel information update method and system.
The control plane bandwidth adjustment processing method, it is possible to increase the success rate of bandwidth adjustment.
There is provided a LED constant current drive circuit.
The present invention also discloses a prompt the user traffic occurs, a system and a mobile terminal in a WLAN functionality is supported.
The present invention provides a simple network management protocol security protection method and apparatus, wherein said method comprises: agent station monitors whether or not the occurrence of a predetermined event; in the monitoring of the occurrence of a predetermined event, in the case of the agent station perform the locking operation.
The recipient of the message according to the access server, obtaining the first encrypted information, using the key to decrypt the first encrypted information to obtain the media message. The present methods and systems can ensure a secure message transmission media.
The method comprises: receiving terminal according to a measured reference signal CSI-RS or a cell dedicated channel measurements are made with reference to the signal CRS, and determine the channel state information (CSI refers to the resource channel quality indication and to determine the condition of the CQI calculation, after the terminal based on the determined conditions and measurement results are calculated with reference to a resource corresponding to a CQI value of the CSI.
The disconnection unit comprises a first spacer, and in parallel with the first insulation of the second spacer.
The method comprises: the network management system receives the traffic data, the instant after the instant traffic data is written to hard disk in the absence of a temporary file format from the temporary file reads and parses the instant traffic data, the parsed after the instant traffic data is stored in the corresponding format.
The device (1) is rigidly attached to the end of rotation of the output shaft (3).
The present invention discloses a mobile terminal and its implementation, a method of controlling power consumption may be used by the mobile terminal detects the current traffic, acquires the current bandwidth usage; the mobile terminal to acquire the bandwidth usage that satisfies the lowest transmit power level of the transmit power adjustment is performed accordingly.
The present invention is awakened by the communication terminal on the stylus input after a user's face, if at decision identity information is performed by the communication terminal judges the unlocking entry application is accomplished in a communication between the terminal and the user of the human-computer interaction and affective AC, enhancing the use experience for the user.
The present invention discloses a method of detecting terminal connection is lost in the subscription data of the terminal, the addition of a connection loss detection parameters.
The present invention discloses a method of inhibiting the environmental noise and a device, the method comprising the steps of: acquiring the lowest and highest intensity thresholds ambient noise, ambient noise intensity thresholds during; call in the original speech signal, filtering out the lowest intensity greater than the intensity of the ambient noise threshold, and the ambient noise threshold is less than the highest intensity of the speech signal, the speech signal to obtain a first processing.
On the other hand, accelerates the circuit switched domain CSFB falls back to a completed process of improving system performance.
In exemplary operation in the vehicle may be provided by the remote monitoring system acquisition and monitoring automotive mileage, easily and quickly to give a real-time vehicle mileage data.
The rectifier module, the DC input module, the DC output module with the DC voltage charge management modules are each independently of the other modules and coupled together via a network bus.
In the present invention for the premise end-user privacy is protected, it is convenient for the user to obtain the target of the contact's contact information for the end user, provides a more extensive contact space.
The present invention discloses a data reporting, data analysis method and apparatus.
An embodiment of the present invention for a method and apparatus for switching of the cell such that the cell can be switched back and forth in a terminal device is able to simultaneously using a plurality of sites, so that the terminal apparatus in the handoff process is capable of maintaining a service continuity.
The present invention discloses a multiple protection superimposed protecting group realization method and apparatus.
The first resonator and the second resonator having a between the electric-connecting coupling holes.
The present invention discloses a baseband processing method.
Said method comprising: sending a reconfiguration message, informing the UE heavy fit into TTIbundlingHARQ mode for reassortment message; receiving a feedback of the UE, after activation detection is performed to judge whether the UE side TTIbundling mechanism based on the detected results prevail; determining a UE employing HARQ mode. The present invention also discloses a device for implementing the method.
The meta-material polarization converter comprises a substrate disposed on the substrate and a plurality of artificial microstructures.
A lawful interception method and system.
The method comprises: receiving Bluetooth button is pressed a triggering event; when the Bluetooth button is pressed the play button, it is determined whether it is currently being performed by the network to talk scheme Qchat call services; when determining Qchat currently ongoing call service, the receipt of the play key is mapped to a push-to-talk carried out the PTT button and 话语权 preemption.
The invention relates to a method of processing a media message receipts, and with the gateway functionality of the device.
The present invention discloses a time-shift channel processing method and apparatus, the method comprising: at the edge node is created on the time shift on the edge node obtains the channel; the time shift of the user according to a time shift habit; time-shifted habit, adjusting the time-shift channel time-shifted attribute.
By the present invention, the resource utilization efficiency is improved.
The present invention discloses a reversal of multimedia streams, comprising: charging method call parties for multimedia streaming media negotiation is carried out in a signaling message, is reversed charging of the multimedia stream is provided, the identification of the reversed charging is accomplished through a signaling message of a multimedia stream reversed charging negotiation.
The device management server includes an acquisition module, a parameter setting module and the management object setting module; a device management gateway comprises a parameter setting module and the management object setting module.
The present invention may be a wireless network coverage map that can be drawn for the network optimization providing reliable reference data, to avoid road tested take considerable time, effort and of network coverage problems found in advance, to avoid user complaints.
The present invention discloses a multipoint cooperation information interaction, handover and CoMP transmission recovery method and system.
A solar cell front gate line electrode, belonging to the method for preparation of crystalline silicon solar cell fabrication art.
The present embodiment implements each CPE in the home network may be more flexibly to access various services offered by the operator.
A method of implementing an intercom remote query, comprising the steps of: selecting a desired item of the query; input data block; the authentication code is filled, the protocol information unit carrying the query information, form a data frame to be transmitted by inquiring parties inquiring parties; receiving a feedback of the queried party's current configuration parameters.
The method includes acquiring to report the user data to be used in a strategy, wherein the strategy is analyzed according to the needs of the user data of a previously set (S102); in after acquisition of the user data, according to the strategy to report the user data (S104).
The circular area and the refractive index of the annular region in a continuously decreases as the radius increases and is the same as the refractive index at the same radius.
The mobile terminal comprising: a wireless signal to be processed to achieve a terminal function application chip, a radio signal demodulation of the received wireless signal chip as well as the multiplexed antennas, wherein the multiplexing the antenna, respectively, with said radio signal is demodulated using the chip and the chip are electrically connected.
The aliased signal is decoded in the source node transmits a signal in the current time slot and the source node in at least a previous time slot transmitted signal.
The present invention provides a small electromagnetic environment in the complex in a method and system for achieving wireless communication, solves the small electromagnetic environment in the complex are implemented in the wireless communication of the problem.
By the present invention, the base station may be unnecessary configuration when the UE is not given to the measurement interval, thereby is capable of reducing an inter-frequency measurement system is heterologous to the traffic carrier, avoid the effect of polymerization scene when measured at the UE may result in a waste of resources.
The present invention modifies the source port through the filtering mechanism that supports virtual terminal art port-extension PE is multicast to the normal transmit or receive data.
According to the present invention, the meta-material artificial microstructures in response to an electric field associated with its structure and the principle of the non-uniform meta-material deflecting the principle of electromagnetic waves, so that incident electromagnetic waves can be flexibly controlled separation, after separation of the outgoing angle of the electromagnetic beam and can realize the large area of the electromagnetic beam separation.
The present invention is based on a foreign network substantially normal service can be implemented.
Statistics enable module continuously outputs a predetermined number of the rising edge of the signal, and the predetermined according to the statistics of the rising edge of the signal is determined by the number of signal timing is to be tested, the setup and hold times.
The system control unit for use in uplink baseband processing for the physical layer of the uplink control is performed based on the hierarchical structure of the random access procedure resource scheduling, the DPRAM data space operation and the upstream channel baseband signal processing.
The present invention discloses a shared mesh protection method is implemented, the method comprising: sharing in mesh protection by the failure detection node triggers the switching request and a response according to the downstream node performs the corresponding protection switching according to a switching request; downstream node decides to continue the signaling path according to the specified content delivery, or a request for upstream nodes to reply.
The present invention relates to the field of wireless communication technology, and more particularly to a seed frame configuration information notification and subframe configuration the method, system, and apparatus for use in uplink and downlink traffic ratio of the cell is changed, the demand was able to acquire a dynamic neighbor configuration information.
Using the present invention, it is possible to determine up configuration for uplink transmissions of a secondary cell as used with reference to the timing of the downlink carrier, and in turn, the downlink carriers according to the timing reference for uplink transmissions.
The method comprises the steps of: obtaining from the terminal generates a unique identity (GUID); lookup with GUID identifier and a corresponding key value according to the key identification acquisition terminal capability parameter information; using the terminal capability parameter information for services adaptation.
An embodiment of the invention is a method and apparatus for processing variable length packets are segmented and in parallel alignment operation is performed for each segment so as to tend to maintain design code but also increases the design code validation code for coverage, at the same time significantly improved timing.
The third segment is connected to said first segment and said second segment.
In the embodiment of the present invention may be applied according to a MIMO et al multi-antenna system.
The present invention discloses a trigger information valid time in the processing method.
On the inner wall of the housing below the appropriate to protrude in the case of the inclination angle of the shelf in the shelf, the front and rear channels are respectively provided with a ceramic horn, to constitute a multi-channel sound generating module.
Embodiments of the present invention there is provided a message forwarding method and apparatus, the related art local area network.
The present invention discloses a video interactive method and system.
By the present invention, can be adaptively scheduling spectrum resources, improve spectral efficiency and system performance.
Said method comprising: a network rendering device provides at least one network device; a valid MAC address for the network provides a bridge device in a device in all of the network equipment under the loading or unloading procedure, in the bridge device as well as all of the network device's MAC address is automatically or passive invokes the set is assigned a MAC address.
By the present invention, improves the accuracy of the estimated mobile state.
The present invention can be in the existing communication terminal does not change for the premise that the communication terminal has a near field communication function, promotes of deployment of the near field communication.
In TDD mode based on a system in which a base station based on the feedback response information to determine a physical uplink power control, and the power control parameter based on the determined power control parameters for power control.
The invention ensures that the inter-actuator on the inter-secure information of the user terminal.
The set of possible to employ the video module for video information, and transmits the video information into a video signal is communicated to the control module.
The invention enables multiple media source in the same channel transfer UDP/IP network, and capable of providing program media streams extracted and combined, packet loss compensation functions achieves a high efficiency, high quality, encapsulating and transmitting multimedia data packets to a destination.
By the present invention to provide a method and apparatus for improving spectral efficiency can be achieved, and the system performance.
This invention solves the spanned by conventional network interconnecting a plurality of network TRILL TRILL problems, as well as a number of MAC information when the network interconnect mass problems.
The present invention discloses a variety of cell handover method, apparatus and system.
The present invention overcomes the CP length in the prior art, the receiving side cannot be ambiguous results in accurate measurement of the received signal and the technical problem.
Embodiments of the present invention provide a lifting cloud computation mode voice or video transmission quality, the method consisting essentially of: cloud client according to the obtained corresponding local client's media negotiation information, communication is performed with the end media, media negotiation according to the result of negotiation, in the local client, and communication is established between the end media channels, performs speech or video transmissions.
The machine type communication (MTC) server to the network edge entity transmits a comprises a validity time (VT) of the trigger information.
A mobility management method, the gateway node and the core network.
By using this version of the device and method according to the PD, the responsivity of the range of adaptive selection of resistance, without the need for frequent changing resistance, thereby reducing the cost of manufacture of the product, increase the production efficiency of the product.
The method comprises: receiving terminal to report the network side, a network security information to network security report according to the respective terminals of the network security policy information to generate the network security policy according to security indication is sent to the terminal, the terminal is to be acquired according to the security indicator or has been acquired network information is security prompt.
The base station according to the measured radio resource usage, the corresponding attribute terminal for control.
Using the present invention, the security of the TS transport can be protected.
In addition, the connector structure is simple, easy, the mounting operation is further provided with an installation space Small et al. advantages.
The present invention discloses a non-continuous uplink resource block (RB) of the allocation method.
In particular there is provided a STK/UTK services implemented method, device, and a terminal, in order to solve the need to rely on the specialized SIM/UIM card implementing STK/UTK service and the technical problem of the invention.
Wherein the method comprises: the lower-level management node through a secondary common cascade module itself is stored in the configuration file is found to be a cascade of upper management node, the upward level management node of a primary common cascade module initiates registration; after registration is successful, the upper management node and the lower-level management node based on a respective common cascade module performs heartbeat detection, state detection and event listening.
The present invention discloses a configuration device a method, apparatus and system.
To save the network administrator artificially fault finding and solving the user waits for a network connection and efforts are artificially repair time.
Achieved by the present invention, the mobile network and a fixed network interworking strategy ensures that the home base stations, a quality of service (QoS).
The method comprises: an orthogonal frequency division multiplexing (OFDM) system for each user in the
Embodiments of the present invention there is provided a method of cell search and terminal, relates to the field of communications.
For a switched mode power supply (1) adaptive lightning surge control circuit (2), comprising a surge unit (20), a switch unit (21), a sampling unit (22) and controlling the drive unit (23).
The client through the communication server and stores the user information is transmitted to the global server, the global server sends the user information to synchronize to the query server.
The present invention discloses an optical network automatic protection switching method and apparatus, wherein said method comprises: detecting an optical network, respectively, of a working channel and a protection channel based on the detected signal strength; of a working channel and a protection channel, the signal strength of the trigger condition is met, performing switching is flipped.
Using the present invention can overcome channel environment in the related art will interfere with the SSS signal, and the response signal of the accuracy of the system reliability and stability problems of poor.
The present invention discloses an asymmetric antenna and a MIMO antenna.
The system comprising: a license collection module and a license control module.
The present invention discloses a social network implementation of the method and system.
By using the present invention, and to a Visitor V-PCRF are solved by a policy enforcement function entity supports and result in a functionally different V-PCRF cannot be issued to visit the policy to the policy enforcement function entity that achieves the problem of negotiating policy generated by the technical effect of the executed correctly.
The present invention discloses a method of sharing network device functions.
By the present invention for the frequency deviation due to the variation of temperature compensation is performed, it is possible to ensure that the terminal is powered on the performance of the cell search and synchronization.
The present invention discloses a method and arrangement of the e-mail account system.
By the present invention is implemented on the OLT home gateway functionality, each ONU is no longer required to provide this functionality, the ONU only implements the PON access interface function, thereby greatly reducing the cost of the ONU, versatility is reinforced, as a large-scale deployment PON service provides a convenient.
After the process in the main by inserting one dummy stage, so that the total time for the entire heating process remains unchanged, facilitates maintaining the thermal budget, further facilitates stabilization device performance is maintained constant.
The application of the present invention, the user account information carrier may be conveniently provided in the table needs to be intercepted user account, so that as much as possible the intercepted the mobile communication network is not within a multimedia message corresponds to the user's requirements, to greatly improve the user's satisfaction.
On both sides of the drawer box provided with springy blades, respectively.
The program of the present invention during insertion or edited by calculation in the process of updating the program, and a clock sync reference after insertion is complete, ensuring that the program or programs of the program after editing, subsequent can rapidly acquire reference clock synchronization.
The present invention discloses a base stations from the configuration, a method and apparatus for improving the efficiency of the configuration process is performed, as well as reducing the complexity of the flow configuration and a configuration error rate.
The present invention also discloses a method described above is implemented for an off-line control system comprising a terminal on the network side and the terminal.
The present invention also discloses a 种彩铃 service generalized apparatus, comprising: a call model, is set to the color ring tone to the called user initiated service platform is reverse call request; promotional module, is set when the call needs to be turned on, the generalized color ring tone to the called subscriber.
Using the method and apparatus of the present invention, to efficiently solved when there are a large number of PN, the pairs of PN, especially in PN more personal web was combined with a resolving problems.
The face is provided comprising: a user database for a black and white list, and sets the blacklist the face data transmission means and receiving address.
The present invention also provides for a terminal.
Aspects of the present invention reduces the application development, increases the difficulty of deployment and reduces the flexibility of the difficulty of deployment.
The present invention provides a method and system based on the position of the identification and isolation of network monitoring scheme.
Home network applications of the present invention, terminal equipment management system comprising: a terminal integrated management system, the home gateway device, application of the terminal.
A method and a system using the present invention, can be a mesh protection based on a shared signaling content and transfer a protection switching is achieved.
Within the housing is mounted with a charging circuit board.
Connected in parallel between the plurality of wireless communication networks are connected in parallel, and a plurality of wireless communication network and is connected to one end of the multimode wireless terminals, and the other end and attached to the core to sign off.
And a reduction in the processing complexity, the process is simple, stable, convenient, resolved on system performance requirement is not high, high efficiency is achieved for the transmission of the service, which increases the port resource utilization.
The present invention discloses a hand-held terminal CMMB built-in antenna is a process and apparatus.
The present invention by acquiring the lowest and highest intensity thresholds ambient noise, ambient noise intensity thresholds, the call process, the savings in between two threshold values of the noise can be filtered out in noisy environments background noise is significantly reduced, increasing the quality of speech signals to talk and has the advantage of low cost, high flexibility.
The invention also provides a multimedia broadcast multicast service continuity is implemented in the user equipment and the network side.
The present invention by establishment of a direct interface across the system, should not only reduce the data delay, and can reduce switching delays across the system operator's network, and reduces maintenance costs.
The invention relates to a decoding device.
The present invention discloses a wireless relay node handoff processing method and system.
Method comprising: terminal based on the measurement results of the camping cell, selects a short transmission time interval or a long transmission time interval to E-DCH resources used for bearer E-DCH; terminal through a physical random access channel (PRACH) preamble scrambling a different scrambling code, to the node B informs the terminal information of the selected transmission time interval.
The solutions described above the host base station at the RN is replaced, the still residing in the RN cell of UE transitions and the corresponding downlink data path is updated so that the RN carried via the switching procedure leaving the source and target base stations, base stations, access for the UE, after normal can still provide a communication service.
The invention is applicable to the P2P network communications between nodes in the network.
Based on the above technical solution is introduced, may reduce jitter on the Ethernet system clock of the effect of subsequent processing, so that it is possible to meet the requirements of the clock jitter limit, the clock jitter limit at index is within the acceptable range.
Characterized in that the meta-material function plate is provided with a spacer element between two by two, said spacer element with the meta-material function between plates are adhered with each other by means of an adhesive.
The power amplifying device according to the invention and the power amplifier circuit increases the efficiency of the power amplifier.
The invention improves the mobile terminal identification code for authenticating the validity of a JAVA based, avoiding the illegal access of the mobile terminal.
The present invention also discloses an access device.
The present invention also discloses that the corresponding device and system.
The present invention relates to the field of mobile terminal, discloses a multiple card mobile terminal and its SIM card data dump method.
The present invention also discloses a method of message transmission, the identification and location registration register, the access server and a communication system.
The present application is able to ensure that the UE specific PDCCH in preference to the UE specific PDCCH give exclusive resource allocation, and hence, the UE allocates the PDCCH is not limited by the PDCCH, to solve the PDCCH detection performance and increase the scheduling user may be supported between the problem of conflict with each other.
The equalizing each unit cell, according to the present invention the difference between the extended battery life, while at the same time, the power consumption is lower, more efficient and better.
The present invention expands and improve the physical support LLDP real interface range.
The present invention also discloses an implementation of the above process is a discontinuous reception means comprises a receiving unit and the shielding unit.
A MEMS microphone is integrated with the pressure sensor comprising: a first substrate having a capacitive pressure sensing unit, a microphone unit sensing thin film of a sensitive film of the surface of the first substrate and the first layer of adhesive.
The present invention also discloses a mobile terminal of the present invention, employing a MIMO antenna and a mobile terminal, capable of changing the radiation pattern of the antenna, to reduce coupling effects between the neighboring antennas, thereby enabling the limited space in the correlation coefficient between the antenna is decreased, thereby to raise the degree of isolation between the antennas.
The present invention discloses a M2M management system, the system comprising: a primary M2M management platform and the M2M management terminal; wherein the M2M management terminal for connection of the device to be managed by the M2M M2M, and between devices is determined by negotiating a private protocol for communication with the M2M management platform; the M2M management terminal connection and through the M2M communication protocol for communication.
The system includes a plurality of clients, the communication server, a global server and the query server.
The present invention discloses an in-line testing apparatus, method and system.
The method comprising: establishing a local IP access in during connection of the mobility management entity receives the mobile decision information; a mobility management entity according to the decision information, a determination is made as to whether the local IP access connection support mobility.
The present invention may be provided with a plurality of speaker sound holes, and may be a ringing tone in response to prompts the loudness of the path switching is carried out, to select one or more vias to prompt the ringback tone signal path, the final output of the sound hole is avoided by a foreign object, occlusion, the lifting electronic terminal ringing tone prompts the effect.
An information transmission method, device, and system.
The SRS is set includes the base station transmits configuration information and to transmit to the user terminal, the user terminal according to the obtained configuration information to the base station transmitting the SRS.
The present invention also provides a method for a mobile communication system network.
The present invention by the base station for a DTX detection of user information is used to control the PDCCH CCE polymerization degree, thereby improving the reliability of the PDCCH, guaranteed PDCCH system performance.
The present invention discloses a twin-wire common-mode method and system.
The present invention employs an HEMT device as the main power amplifier.
Embodiments of the present invention there is provided a method of feedback channel signal-to-noise ratio.
The artificial microstructure includes the first metal line and the second metal line, said first metal line is from a center point as the start point of the spiral outwardly extending spiral, said second metal lines extending in parallel with the first metal line and the second metal line with only in said first wire forming said first wire is connected to the outermost end of the spiral.
By the present invention, it is possible to avoid certain bandwidth in the uplink transmission is lower, the multiport frequency-domain resource location distribution information bits are not sufficient to characterize the total upstream frequency domain single beam positions in the case of resource allocation information.
To provide a predictive encoding method and apparatus.
The present invention discloses a method for access to a wireless network, comprising: a central Access Point sending terminal CAP to the basic capability negotiation request, receiving the CAP transmitted carrying operating subchannel mapping information of terminal basic capability negotiation response, said working subchannel mapping information indicates that the station STA to handover target subchannels.
The present invention discloses a perform load balancing methods and apparatus, relates to the field of communications, increases the load migration of success.
The present invention discloses a router neighbor discovery entry processing apparatus and method.
The present invention discloses a service access methods, devices and systems.
The present invention may be implemented using a normal television is turned on and off.
The method comprises: polymerizing members according to the bandwidth of the link, the link members of polymerization; is weighted according to a pre-set routing policy, obtaining routing index; according to routing lookup index, weighted by the polymerization of the link members; select look-up to members of a link aggregation message forwarding is performed.
The segmentation program comprises one or a plurality of segments.
The child device (1) through the fixed end of the elastic coupling means (2) is fixed to the non-rotatable tube (8).
Embodiments of the present invention, the base station in the technical solution according to the channel activation type determination establishing TFO start time points, the TFO state into the TFO setup completion status is determined as the point in time of establishing TFO end point, again according to the determined start time and end time point, determining the length of time required to establish the TFO.
A Pool region, in the mobile terminal registration method and system, the access network entity.
The method comprises: detecting individual terminal for receiving downlink signals on a single antenna of a reference signal received from the power that is determined in a single antenna for transmitting uplink data uplink antenna, the antenna is detected by said uplink receive power of the reference signal as the downstream reference signal reception power.
Method comprising: judging whether the received value to be forwarded is contained in a seed value preset identification; when the preset value is to be forwarded is included in a seed value is identified, then the value is to be forwarded to the media content identification system for operating the content identification value.
When the radiator (102) temperature or the temperature of the lamp is a particular location within the controlled temperature higher than the first normally closed switch (F2) is turned off when the temperature of the first normally closed thermostatic switch (F2) to open, cutting off the LED light source load (3) of the power supply.
According to the present invention may be provided to the user in time monitoring of a multicast video quality.
The present invention is able to transmit data through a distributed to a plurality of carriers is reasonably balanced load of each of the carriers, reducing the load of the BTS, to increase the throughput of the BTS.
The present invention discloses a downlink control information processing method and system, which can be a sub-frame n downlink control information in the sub-frame n; or sent on the downlink sub-frame n, the control information being transmitted on sub-frame n-1.
In the GPS signal according to properly, the master reference clock signal generating the local clock synchronization signal; the GPS signals, according to the abnormality in the auxiliary reference clock signal to generate a local clock synchronization signal.
The technical solution provided by the present invention, to solve the existing Owned service authentication requires the user to perform additional problem of a large number of operations that achieves a avoid repeated authentication, the effect of increased user experience.
The present invention eNBBBU and terminal via a direct connection is not completed BBU radio frequency band in a timely manner, all of the tests can be conveniently located outside of the radio frequency to reduce the problem of the debug development time to ensure that the progress and product quality; the invention can also be applied in other radio access system.
The present invention enables the TDD base station between adjacent cells at the same time resources can be performed on different directions of transmission, and by interfering with a coordinated manner to avoid a mutual interference between a conventional TDD; circumvent interference coordination method, forced in different cells using the same sub-frame configuration, so as to accommodate the requirements of the respective cell traffic situation.
Thus, in the present application, the sender communication terminal transmits to the receiver communication terminal is small, the amount of data is small and the consumption of resources; broader applicability for the receiving party instant communication terminal is capable of reproducing the transmitting end during the writing of a pen stroke, enhance the user's experience.
Embodiments of the present invention discloses an implementation of a high-speed mobile communication method and apparatus.
The present invention discloses a configuration operation management service attributes, relates to a method and apparatus for communication art.
The present invention provides a solution to the above solution, in the related art, the forwarded value will produce an unnecessary data flow and network resource consumption, and like problems, in turn, forwards the value is reached by a party does not generate any data stream may be in the amount of the case, the effect of the forwarded value can be achieved.
This invention may utilise the existing device in the broadband network implementing a playback in the narrowband service, meets both the operator desires to employ broadband IP playback has been achieved by increasing the transmission quality requirement, and, in turn, reduces the capital cost of the operator.
The present invention provides a node to allocate the method and device of the label.
Discloses a lithium niobate modulator trans-impedance amplifier gain control means.
The present invention provides a clock synchronization in a communication system, a method and apparatus, the method comprising: based on the received GPS signals to generate the master clock reference signal, and a crystal oscillator according to the system CPU Acquisition Assistance reference clock signal.
The apparatus comprises: a document management unit and the signal processing unit.
The present invention discloses an implementation of the method and system of MDT activation, may be provided for the UE location service key index attribute, and activates only conforms to the location service key index attribute of the UE's MDT.
The first message carries at least one of: a radio access technology type, whether to redirect, identification of the redirection of the threshold information, redirect the cell identification information, carrier frequency information, a redirection failure is returned indicating, sets the redirection information.
The present invention discloses a method for managing network traffic data, the terminal and the system.
According to the method comprising: creating a IP message is received, the corresponding IP datagrams in the NAT table entry corresponding to the IP message, determining the type of service according to the service type, with the corresponding relationship between the hot backup operation, as well as the corresponding IP message, determining the type of service of the NAT table entry the presence or absence of a hot backup.
The present invention also discloses a location information processing system.
Increasing the robustness of the network configuration for a connection failure as well as a self healing ability.
Otherwise, the two adjacent frequency bands, again increasing the degree of isolation between the antennas.
The present invention is prepared by modifying the main link port, a message is prepared for the main package status link switchover, implementation of the multicast service and has a fast protection, saving bandwidth, network security Advanced advantages.
The present invention discloses an IPTV system implementation is based on the method of web channel.
Since in the present embodiment in USB virtual card in itself configured with appropriate drive and the drive of the host operating system itself, and therefore may be supported by the access network via the USB virtual card, the host need not be installed during driving, the implementation of fast and convenient access to the wireless network.
And, using this invention, but need only be in a business process using the existing on the basis of a simple engineered, it is possible to reduce the loading of the system, the simplified flow, improved efficiency.
By the present invention, it is possible to improve the user experience.
A digital subscriber line office equipment and its power save method.
The present invention also discloses a CP in a wireless communication system, the type of pointing device sends a signal through a downlink synchronization channel to be used in a combined manner substantially sequence indicates that the CP type, such that the terminal is capable of detecting a downlink synchronization channel is a downlink synchronization channel signal according to a combination of the base sequence in a known manner to CP type.
Embodiments of the present invention, the L3VPN routing control to deliver focused in the routing controller L3VPN L3VPN, simplifies the respective PE node in the routing control and management, in providing routing L3VPN automated control function, while greatly reduces the cost of the deployed and maintained.
In the present invention, the user terminal in accordance with a wireless network broadcast message identification information of a data gateway ePDG Construction of the evolution of the FQDN and/or a packet data gateway P-GW, thereby triggering the FQDN of the wireless side of the DNS query is adjacent to and/or P-GW ePDG, which in turn is implemented in a WLAN network data splitting function.
The present invention accordingly also discloses a location of a mobile terminal service implementation system.
The present inventors have used to create the microstructure of superabsorbent material can significantly reduce the volume of the artificial microstructure, facilitate miniaturization of the product.
The method and device according to the invention, implemented in different network elements on a common set of test script can be achieved, while at the same time, the network management system and apparatus that encompasses a system test purposes.
The present invention is solved by the mobile terminal user, acquire service, the service information presentation method that achieves complex problem that allows the user to quickly acquire the service information to the desired effect.
The network management system in the present invention by a number of command message according to whether or not to use a limited resource classification rules for the different command message, using a different scheduling policy is implemented within the system, the dynamic management of limited resources.
The present invention is implemented in a secondary cell LTE-Advanced system in uplink synchronization, a simple and quick manner.
An estimate of the noise power the process and equipment, comprising: acquiring a frequency domain channel estimate of the frequency domain channel estimate; performing a discrete Fourier transform is obtained after a time domain channel response; according to the time domain channel response was calculated noise power.
The method, system, and apparatus may cause the UE for downlink carrier in the period of the feedback CQI/PMI/RI is collision, the fast selection of downlink carriers, and does not require additional signaling or only the reserved bits have been used, or only over a small amount of higher layer signaling overhead to inform the UE, it is convenient to carry out.
The present invention also discloses a maintenance center in the operation of the base station is configured to implement the system routing.
When two adjacent frequency bands within the terminal inter-antenna interference exists, and interference from high power band antenna wherein two adjacent frequency bands is increased when the degree of isolation between the antennas.
The first resonator and the second resonator comprise between at least three resonant cavities.
The present invention discloses a mobile communication terminal and its incoming call management method.
The present invention relates to a new method of prompting information and a communication terminal.
Said mobile terminal based on the mobile terminal as well as a method of enabling remote conferencing 随时随地, can support and capable of participating in a teleconference, not by means of the camera in the case of visual conferencing data sharing.
The present invention by acquiring neighboring picture elements, the prediction mode is the most suitable combination to obtain the prediction mode for the current image unit according to the list, the list of the prediction mode, the actual prediction mode can be entropy coded, effectively in combination with the movement of the current picture element attributes, texture information, and the like, implementing the adaptive selection prediction mode coding method, to improve the efficiency of video compression.
The present invention discloses a method of obtaining an unlocking code and a mobile terminal.
The present invention proposes a bidirectional predicted frame P, the method and apparatus of the present lens is advanced by the video source, a current encoding frame reference frames for bi-directional transform, and uses it to perform bi-directional prediction and thus achieve the optimization of the current encoding frame compression effect.
The present invention also discloses a variation on a multipoint cooperating distributed wired interface data transmission system.
According to the present invention may be effectively avoid ATM and Ethernet encapsulation occurs during to automatically identify the jitter.
The insulating properties of the solar cell with improved reliability of the solar cell assembly costs to be reduced.
Thus, this is solved by a two-layer LTE-LAN system in a data message, a forwarding problem is achieved for the UE, the interworking between the AP and the GW, saves the overhead of the air interface.
Segmentation program implementing the method of controlling play, a server and a client.
Method comprising: a coaxial broadband access terminal and the authentication server maintains a respective coaxial and the white list of the network element based on the held whitelist reject invalid CNUs access.
To avoid artifacts of the subjective judgment for the call's seat 片面性, shortening the processing time period, to increase customer telephone 接通率, resulting in a decrease of the operator's operating cost effectiveness.
A method for transmitting data comprising: obtaining from a higher layer packet, and transmits the data packet as a service data unit SDU; to the SDUs are assigned sequence number SN operation, a segmentation and concatenation operation and a safe operation and to obtain a packet data unit PDU; the PDU is sent to the medium access control MAC layer for transmission.
After using the solutions described above, it is possible to ensure that the relay node served by the user's packet forwarding of the lossless ordered.
Method comprising: a network control unit and/or a terminal according to a component of a carrier of the carrier information to determine the priority class of the component carrier.
The solutions described above will support a well-established the local service continuity of the decision process consistent with certain criteria, and so can be a terminal provides increased local service continuity of this part of the service user experience.
The present invention also provides a network element of the user device to acquire the system receives the status information.
The present invention discloses a radio resource allocation method and apparatus relate to the field of an OFDMA wireless communication downlink OFDMA system to achieve optimum energy efficiency according to the scheme of the purpose of allocating radio resources.
The present application discloses a method of scheduling sub-frame transmission for implementing sub-frame, the transmission of scheduling information, so that the sub-frames are scheduled.
The inventive method and apparatus allows a media message is forwarded to the transmitting side can convert after successfully receiving the response piece.
In the embodiment of the present invention, the base station through real time monitoring of various attributes of the radio resources of the terminal is used as in case of the use of the total physical resource blocks, dynamic control of the various attributes of the access terminal, and/or load balancing control, and/or scheduling.
The present invention also discloses two for the wireless communication device.
By the present invention, improved optical signal transmission resource utilization and simplifies the registration procedure.
The cell handover method comprising: the source base station is determined using historical information of the UE switching means and/or the target cell based on the determined; a source base station and/or the switching scheme for the target cell initiates a handoff procedure.
Embodiments of the present invention there is provided a network failure of the positioning methods, devices and systems, relates to the field of communications.
GPIO through software control such that the output level of the USB_ VBUS pin is high or low, and, in turn, to start or stop the USB communication as a trigger signal which avoids damage to the device.
A method of encoding and decoding method and apparatus.
This method is capable to reduce the transmission of the acknowledgement frame occupying resources, effective to ensure that the data was successfully transmitted.
The present invention discloses a method of obtaining contact information and the device.
The solutions described above makes an admission control traffic stream admission control pre-emption other does not pass through the flow of traffic data resources.
Feedback manner using a quantization of the feedback information and the feedback comprising all of the channels in the prior information, may be effective in the MIMO-OFDM system in a feedback channel information, the receiving side can be a complete reduction of all of the characteristics of the channel information.
The present invention discloses a method and system for acquisition of E-SRVCCSTN-SR.
The present invention addresses the plurality of location information is present on the end of the scene at the terminal cannot learn the location information of the correct problems, thereby effectively enhancing the user uses the experience.
The method includes: sending end of the very long SMS message is to be transmitted is divided into a first short message and the second short message, the transmitting end transmits the traffic channel on the first short message; the transmitting end does not release the maintained service channel; a transmitting end of the second short message is transmitted on the traffic channel.
The disconnection unit comprises a spacer.
When the user moves to the local access region is moved outside the local access connection is released, the timely, so as to satisfy the local access mobility requirements.
The present invention discloses a device for wireless communications, based on scheduling transmission resources are dynamically configurable physical frame, not only to meet future rich variety of data traffic characteristics and requirements of the different service, link adaptation will also satisfy the service requirements of adaptive dynamic resource, while satisfying different processing capabilities of the device to the processing time requirements.
In the present invention, is triggered by the user equipment power margin reports are taken into account when the user device power management and path loss affects the effect in the prior art, to solve the reported power margin, so that the problem of incorrect report to the base station side according to make the correct power margin of power adjustment of the power savings that achieves the effect of adapting overhead.
The method comprising: streaming media server storing the media content is stored on the media content segments, each segment includes one or a plurality of segments, a streaming media server generates a segment of each of the sub-segment index atom, the segment index atom comprising: a sample number information, the sampling offset information, the sampling length information as well as a sampling time information.
The present invention discloses an OTN linear variable bandwidth in the network clock tracking method and apparatus that belongs to the optical transport network domain.
Said method comprising: the first terminal to initiate the service, in case it is initiated at the first frequency band has been made, then a query of the second service is operating in said second band; if the second service is operating in said second band, the first frequency band will be set to the disabled state, and the disabled state is set to a first frequency band information is sent to the network side.
The present invention relates to the field of communications technology, and more particularly to configure the terminal identifies a method, apparatus and system.
By the present invention, after using the maximum correlation peak and a secondary peak to further determine the reliability of the decoded data, to solve the reliability of the decoded information of the decision problem, thereby ensuring a reliable decoding of the information is valid.
Method comprising: baseband processing unit BBU cell setting will be set to different ports of ports in the baseband data to a different radio frequency pulling on the distal module RRU; different RRUs sends a respective received baseband data.
In the embodiment of the present invention, the handover procedure can be accomplished in a sub-frame configuration both link, and orchestrates the operation of the configuration of the cell polymeric carriers, reduces the effect of operation for the RN, maximum limit ensures the user of a service continuity, to reduce the number of lost packets, thereby providing the user with a good network experience.
At the same time, there is no need for wireless access device is a control plane entity assigns the user plane configuration parameters, thereby reducing the complexity of implementing wireless access devices, wireless access device and the terminal to reduce the cost of implementation.
The invention is applicable to signal processing art MACROBUTTON MACROBUTTON construction, there is provided a subband adaptive filter method.
The present invention also may be detected in a ring network point to facilitate maintenance.
The present invention provides a gateway to fail message processing method, system, and a gateway.
The present invention relates to an abbreviated telephone voice prompt system latency method, characterized by: setting a text menu a database, the database storing the text literal menu, of the menu information when the terminal establishes communication relationship with the central server at the time when the menu, the literal text is stored in a database through display interface menu information in the form of a video signal to the outer expression.
The multiplexing of the source network identifier, an efficient extended capabilities solves the different network identification, different addressing mode network interworking and fusion, maximally provides service to the user.
The present invention discloses cell location information providing method, system, device, and wherein the cell location information providing method comprising: a gateway mobile location centre GMLC receives the user terminal UE location of the cell information; the GMLC receives the service network cell location query request directly to the service network, the UE cells provides the location of the cell information.
Using the coding method embodiment of the present invention may be provided in accordance with predetermined rules on the availability judgment is made, a saving of codec device resources.
By implementation of the solutions described above, and avoids the problem of is unable to decrypt the ciphertext.
The present invention reduces the application development and maintenance costs; promotes the development of a deep layer of a communication application.
The present invention discloses a method of controlling an user equipment for measuring method and system, said method comprising: radio network controller informs the UE to perform ANR measurements, and indicates that the UE to report the measurement reports are periodic manner. the UE according to the indication for ANR measurement, the measurement report the manner, periodically report the measurement result.
The present embodiments provide a blind detection method and apparatus.
Using the present invention is able to automatically update Widget according to the change of position information.
The present invention provides a full implementation of the protection method and system, the passive optical network (PON) system in which the primary light line termination (OLT) in response to the detection of the primary path in trunk optical fiber or turned off, or a main branch optical fiber with the OLT, in case of a failure by the standby OLT informs the spare optical network unit (ONU) is reversed.
In this way, the CRC check can be initiated as early as possible so that a portion of the trace back process may be performed in parallel with the CRC check is decreased, so achieving the tailbiting convolutional code decoding check processing delay purposes.
The present invention provides effective solves the technical solution of only capable of existing in a session on a one-class redundant media using a problem.
The present invention discloses a method and apparatus to automatically schedule alert, a terminal device, the terminal device may be automatically recorded and saved to obtain the various operations according to the operation information operation information to retrieve the operation at any statistical spacer region according to a schedule statistical information; the statistic information to schedule selected statistical spacer region of the common operation, and to automatically issue reminder information.
The present invention also discloses a terminal device or a network device.
By using the HBA means arranged in the redundant link to ensure that the processor system reliability for the premise is arranged, is effective to reduce the cost of the redundant link.
When the query server from the client receives a query task number exceeds the threshold value, the control server according to the inquiry processing server tasks assigned task priority and receives a policy query task exceeds a threshold value.
The voltage setting unit configured for: setting a reference voltage; the feedback control unit is configured to output the electroabsorption modulated laser eye diagram corresponding to the intersection of the crossing points of the voltage feedback control is executed so that the intersection with the reference voltage of the voltage difference is within the predetermined range.
The present invention can avoid the mobile terminal repeats of the traffic channel is set up and release of the traffic channels, thereby reducing the time it takes to very long SMS message transmission process.
Employing aspects of the present invention, the design of the savings in terms of hardware cost and improves resource utilization.
Embodiments of the present invention provides a machine communication privacy protection method, system, and machine communication service management entity and associated equipment, for the implementation of the M2M of privacy protection while reducing signaling overhead.
The present application relates to wireless communications art embodiment, particularly relates to a sub-frame information is determined, a method and apparatus for use in uplink and downlink traffic ratio of the cell is changed, the demand was scribed neighbor is aware of the sub frame information.
By the present invention, the terminal is implemented between the dynamic adjustment of the multiple web.
The wireless network, a plurality of channel simulation is implemented in the device is integrated with the system via the interface unit, the convergence and interface matching is performed, it is possible to support a greater number of base stations and mobile stations.
The GSM radio frequency front-end radio frequency connection of two single pole, double throw switch by acoustic table filter connected to a GSM radio frequency transceiver for receiving signals.
Thus conserving network resources, reduces the signalling between the network and devices, increasing the transmission network for control of a group device efficiency.
The apparatus comprising: a processing module, the quality of service attribute parameter determination module and proprietary bearer creation module.
Embodiments of the invention provide an interactive voice response (IVR) implementation of the method, apparatus, and an interactive voice response system.
The present invention is achieved by JavaScript, does not depend on the location information of the mobile terminal to report and a location based service (LBS).
On the transmit side, at a transmitting end of the block sequence number of the block header data block a BSN field is expanded in a temporary flow identifier TFI field and/or the uplink status identifies the USF field; the transmitting end will comprise an extension field of the data block is transmitted to the receiving end.
The present invention provides a synthetic microstructure, comprising a wire having a predetermined shape, said artificial microstructure further comprises a metal wire connected between said at least one inductive element.
A home base station knows neighbor cell information, the system comprising the system of home base station, the home base station of the upper level access node and said home base station, a neighbor to the home base station.
The dual channel communications techniques of the present invention, is capable of supporting a dual-channel terminal access.
The GSM radio frequency front end is connected to the GSM radio frequency transceiver to transmit a signal.
The present invention discloses a group call service speaker interexchange handoff processing method and system, the group call service speaker interexchange handoff processing method comprising: target relaying mobile switching center in the interexchange handoff complete message is received after the speaker, the terminal's present location information notification master mobile switching center.
The SGSN selects the flexibility can be increased.
The invention also provides a multimedia broadcast multicast service continuity is implemented in the user equipment.
The solution of the invention with the macro base station is able to induce the LPN to use a different spatial location information to reduce the strong interference with each other.
In use, has a great deal of flexibility and fitness, implements a wireless terminal a miniaturized design objectives.
The present invention discloses a method for triggering the user device of the method and apparatus.
The detection device comprising: a transmission module, a receiving module and a determination module.
According to the embodiment of the present invention the tendency of the flow characteristics of the model parameters to optimize fluctuation sequence, increases the non-stationary (long term) flow prediction accuracy.
A method of resource allocation and transmits a probe reference signal (SRS) method, a base station and a multi-point cooperative transmission (CoMP) system.
The artificial electromagnetic materials could be substituted for the existing electromagnetic material applied to a variety of electromagnetic waves of the application system.
Using the method of the present disclosure prevents a malicious attackers remote upgrade key using a leaking through remote upgrade process to the information security apparatus of malicious attacks.
DeNB for receiving transmitted to the network side after the RN offload message itself, the offload policy configured according to unload the access to the RN of the user equipment UE.
The present invention also provides a virtual terminal system and a master terminal.
The present invention also discloses a beamforming for multiple layers of a UE.
The present invention provides an apparatus and a method for adjusting and locked by 线序 as soon as possible, to the correct order of the recovered data, the operating frequency is high, less consumption of resources.
The method comprises: calculating the nulled sub-carrier at predetermined positions of the symbols transmitted on the demodulated soft information, wherein the nulled sub-carrier is loaded from the transmitting end to the receiving end of the transmission needs to be indicative of the information corresponding to the predefined symbol is determined based on the demodulated soft information of the sender to transmit the indication information.
A mobile broadband device embodying the present invention and the method of managing mobile broadband device, capable of causing the host side device need only through the Internet browser to the Web manner to the mobile broadband device is no longer required for management, while the client, thereby being able to client 彻底解决 Cross-Platform Support, and a problem having install-free, easily develop, low cost advantages.
This method can be overcome in prior art synchronization between the multimedia stream 稍嫌 complex problem, thereby reducing the processing load of the audiovisual client synchronization and to reduce the dependency on the Real-Time Control Protocol RTCP.
The present invention also discloses a TDD cell through a system of providing a service to the terminal.
On a device comprising a plurality of user created social network (SN) of the community information and configures the community in combination in combination with a treatment strategy; after login community in combination, a community in combination with the processing strategy according to the message management.
The present invention discloses a carrier network, the network comprising: a plurality of bearer network plane and the terminal device, wherein the bearer network plane is an Internet Protocol (IP) bearer network.
The present invention also discloses a machine of the type of communication device triggering system.
Method comprising: in the terminal equipment is arranged on the connection, the connection parameter information parameter information for indicating the device management gateway as terminal equipment connected to the device management server proxy gateway; disposed on a terminal device of the corresponding device management server DMAcc management object, and to initialize the terminal device.
A policy control method and system.
Since the first optical line terminal and the first light between network elements to be faster than the data transfer rate between the OLT and EMS, and therefore, the data transfer rate over the data communication process increases the speed of data transmission that ensures that the respective switches between an OLT in 50 ms of time within a data communication, further improving reliability.
The present invention discloses a process of connecting local IP access method and apparatus.
The process of the invention can be avoided when the number of a bulky MTC devices are required to access the network receives the service is initiated at the same time, possibly due to the amount of signaling results in excessively large so that core network congestion, to avoid affecting the core network processing has been connected to the other terminal of the network efficiency and quality of service.
The present invention by spreading the control plane signaling protocol support, such that they are able to establish a connection ODUflex G.HAO function.
The present invention also provides a system for conducting a multimedia conference.
The secure chip with the CA stored internally; the key information needed for the secure chip from the received data is extracted in a cable TV broadcast of the program that is required to be played, and streaming media according to stored internally of the CA key information required for descrambling the streaming media, the descrambled after encrypting the streaming media digital television terminal is transmitted to the main chip.
Using the present solution, in the mobile terminal stores the payment transaction, the transaction information to facilitate the user's query transaction information at the mobile terminal, thereby simplifying the acquisition of the payment transaction, the transaction information is reduced for a flow of a process of obtaining payment transactions, transaction information, the time delay of the query of the payment transaction improves the efficiency of the transaction information and the success rate.
The antenna feeding network comprises a and the signal source for signal transmission between the first port and the antenna to transmit signals between the second port.
The present application provides a selectivity is maintained at the time of handover shunt connection method of IP traffic, comprising: judging whether or not the currently activated the selective IP flow diverter is connected to a core network control node, determining whether a change has occurred, at the core network control node is changed when the selective IP flow splitter connected activation information is sent to the new core network control node, determining a service gateway selection method and newly selects the service gateway.
The service center is further based on the delinquent performs the corresponding processing the result of the authentication, if delinquent authentication results show that the sender user and/or the recipient user delinquent, then stops providing the service user has delinquent, suggesting that the delinquent, reference is made, the user of the payment is submitted in a timely manner.
The present invention discloses a machine of the type of communication device congestion control method and system to avoid a large number of MTC device may result in congestion of the network.
Embodiments of the present invention there is provided an antenna system and an antenna reconstruction method relates to the field of mobile communication.
The solutions described above, the frequency band is isolated using various different frequency bands of the antenna, the antenna radiating performance is optimized.
Alternatively, the spacing between the transceiving data attached to the inside of the network that are distinguishable rate charge MTC terminal, thereby causing the transmit or receive data, often as much as possible of the MTC terminal according to transceive data intervals for data transmission/reception, and ensures that the operator may be a benefit to a maximum extent.
The present invention discloses a connection information acquisition method, the method comprising: connecting the information server sends the connection information is communicated to the terminal into the gateway, the gateway will terminate the connection information is transmitted to the location server, or alternatively, the connection information server sends the connection information is passed directly to the location server.
The present invention avoids the cached by a waste of resources of the system, and increasing the flexibility and efficiency, improved performance of the system.
The present invention discloses a security device remote upgrade key management method.
The service processing method and the service processing system such that the end user may be in a normal transmission/reception of short messages in real time, it was possible to enjoy the integration services.
The present invention on the structure of the conventional switching table entry is compressed, thereby saving entry storage resources, due to the reduced compared to when the data traffic processing bits can be reduced, and thus also the logical resources required comparison operations.
This embodiment relates to a triggering communication by the impact of the communication method and a mobile communication terminal.
Using the present invention, the mobile terminal can still occur in time after the trigger message to the terminal, in order to achieve a real-time data reports.
To provide a mobile terminal for establishing a random access procedure of random access method, the mobile terminal and the mobile communication system.
The material layer comprises a in its center point at the center point of the circular regions and a plurality of concentric with the circular area of the annular region.
After superposition coding of the signal in the next time slot for forwarding.
When roaming occurs at a mobile terminal, the user is prompted to modify parameters suggest that improves the flexibility of use of the mobile terminal.
The method includes determining a wireless network according to the external field channel data channel based on the channel characteristics of the wireless network; the channel characteristics of the channels to the mobile station and the base station for transmission of data between the baseband.
In order to solve for unlocking the lock network terminal to implement complex problem, there is provided a lock network terminal, a network side equipment and its unlocking method, the method comprising: the network terminal to acquire a network side equipment to transmit information, the unlocking of the lock unlocking information modification according to the network terminations disposed one network function is off, set the lock, unlock is completed.
According to the present invention, the meta-material polarization converter, the structure is simple and can be readily implemented polarization conversion of the electromagnetic waves.
The present invention provides a random access method, the base station control device and a base station, relates to the field of communications.
The present invention is capable of supporting a precoding matrix index feedback; and able to raise the cubicle dictionary bipolar 刓 array channel amount 刓, while improving the accuracy of the booth for dictionary 陑 array channel amount 刓 accuracy.
Embodiments of the present invention discloses a target cell selection methods, systems and apparatus relating to wireless communication technology, the address field for the donor base station is a relay node is selected by the relay node does not allow access from a failed handoff target cell results in a problem.
This approach allows the transmission of each user and to decrease the number of occupied by a stream of information is the number of bits of information bits, to save transmission resources and network communication resources.
The present invention can ensure that, in each unit of time, will have a cell search results, so that the initial search speed increases, the shortening of the initial search time delay.
The present invention also discloses a data decompression method, and corresponding apparatus and system.
The present invention is achieved by a headset receiver antenna frequency band signal, implementing a mobile terminal miniaturization.
The water cooling system is a water cooling system may be connected to the machine room.
The method comprising the steps of: serving network to the other terminal of the format of a request to initiate a target network, wherein the request for the terminal is in the serving network connection carries some or all of the data traffic carried on the migration of the serving network to the target network; receiving a successful transmission to the target network establishes a connection response message of the bearer is released after a successful connection carries the migration.
The present invention discloses a multi-band transmit signal generation method and apparatus, the method comprising the steps of: arranging a plurality of digital baseband signals, respectively, from the target by a set of pulse amplitude modulator and a band pass filter of a channel which give different frequency bands, a plurality of signals, the plurality of different frequency bands, generating signals together multiple band transmit signal.
The original node or a new node at the end of the session update session state.
Said method comprising: receiving a client sends a write operation request and node; the said node is stored in memory and setting the node receives an update time of the node; the time according to the memory of a node in the memory update time phased out to a node in the file.
The present invention discloses a method of interrogating call state information.
Embodiments of the present invention discloses a train service in the course of the communication method, the in-car device, wireless occlusion, central and system relate to the field of communications.
The present invention provides a process for the considered image from frame to frame. in the case of irregular changes in a manner least coding costs to be encoded.
The present invention discloses a relaying device switching based on a resource processing method and apparatus, the method comprising: relay device RN in data preset policy determines whether or not the target base station equipment required for said DeNB RN is resource division; and notifies the judgment result to the target DeNB.
The present application provides a configuration example of an uplink cyclic shift of the frequency hopping method comprising: a network side determines that the user equipment upstream of the cyclic shifts of the frequency hopping network side to configuration information; the user equipment transmits uplink cyclic shift frequency hopping configuration information.
The present invention discloses a streaming media packet encapsulation, transmission method and a streaming media processing device.
The OLT includes: a light module, a clock data recovery module, a medium access control chip and a control module.
The present invention discloses a method of measuring the reference signal of the SRS multi-antenna parameter configuration, a method and apparatus for solving the prior art cannot determine multi-antenna SRS parameter configuration problems.
The present invention also discloses a method of bearer modification.
The present invention discloses a method for prompting a user of a service, the method comprising: supporting a wireless local area network (WLAN) function in the mobile terminal after a service event occurs, the mobile terminal belongs to the user of the other terminal, and sending a prompt to the terminal receives the reminder information to prompt the user of said mobile terminal service event occurs.
Embodiments of the present invention discloses a video quality assessment method and apparatus, relates to communications art, to increase the accuracy of the IPTV service quality assessment and the invention.
This invention dramatically increases the LISP data messages in a MPLS network and the transmission efficiency of the package.
Embodiments of the present invention there is provided a method of establishing a label switched path, apparatuses, and systems relating to communications art.
In one aspect such that each have a respective corresponding traffic flow of buffer capacity, the management finer, more flexible.
The present invention provides an optical network unit, the optical network unit (ONU) including a light receiving processing unit and downlink data reception processing unit.
The present invention accordingly also discloses a color ring tone video on demand services in the system and the color ring tone service server.
The system comprising: multiple connection registration MUP-FE and functional entities (MR-FE), with the present between MR-FE MUP-FE interaction interface.
The electric motor using an electric vehicle having a simple structure, the work reasonably stable, gradeability good, high efficiency advantage.
The present invention discloses a coupling device, the headset antenna and a headset.
The present invention also discloses a remote acquisition lock network information of the terminal.
Thus, can effectively blocks the flow of water from the housing, to prevent water infiltration into the opening at the bottom, with the air tension on the microphone (MIC) et al. acoustic device serves as a good sealing effect, to avoid damage to the inlet water acoustic devices.
The present invention also discloses a device for the transmission of data.
Detecting a low complexity, it is possible to improve the detection efficiency of the CP type, and may ensure that all channels according to the channel conditions may be self configured corresponding CP type, which is effective to save a channel resource.
The ring system comprising: one or more RRU BBU devices and a plurality of devices, wherein the RRU device and BBU device connected as a closed ring structure.
The present invention discloses a variation on a software-defined radio (SDR) baseband radio interface, comprising: an uplink data processing module, the communication mode corresponding to a different downlink data processing module, an upstream event table module, a downlink event table module, the configuration registers, a selector and a communication module.
Embodiments of the present invention discloses a paging Cell_ PCH state of the user terminal, relates to a method and device of the network, communications art paging is in the Cell_ PCH state of the UE, it was reduced to reduce congestion of HS-SCCH resources, the UE access delay.
The present invention discloses a configuration parameter of a user plane processing method, the method comprising: a wireless access device and the terminal acquires the current service configuration parameters to the user plane of the binding information, and based on the obtained user plane configuration parameters to obtain the binding information, corresponding to the current service configuration parameters of the user plane and the user plane with use of the obtained configuration parameters, to establish a user plane entities.
The present invention discloses a portable terminal of power saving apparatus and methods.
The present invention discloses a multi ¬ protocol label switching network based on the tunnel set protection method and device for the system, ensuring that the tunnel failure occurs on the protection group relationship is activated to avoid service interruption.
Embodiments of the present invention to provide a double reflecting surfaces of the antenna.
The system comprising: a user account authentication module and the user's account with the authentication module of the user account management module is connected.
Said method comprising: receiving a request to send the mail sender, said request carries a mail to fill in the template. the template is encapsulated into the mail does not include the consignee's mailbox identification and the identity of the sender's mailbox anonymous mail; acquiring the consignee's mailbox identification, the anonymous mail delivery to the recipient's mailbox identifying a corresponding mailbox.
In the present invention, the terminal selects a TDD up/down configuration; depending upon the selection of a TDD up/down configuration, a base station configured for DRX related timer of the timer length information and DRX related timer, determines the start timing of the DRX associated expiry of the timer according to time, and the associated timer timeout time maintenance DRX.
The present invention discloses a wireless system, method, and apparatus for debugging in the development phase better positioning system problems.
The method includes: a terminal receives the real-time information; the terminal when it arrives at the update cycle of the received or after determining that the real-time information is updated in the present case, a picture of the termination of a display picture update is received by the terminal from the real-time information downloaded at the picture.
Method comprising: controlling entity by switching between transmit and receive interface to exchange information to the external domain 从本域; when sending the message, the boundary switching entity checks whether the message is contained in the domain topology information, and if so, as a topological processing.
The present invention discloses a transport stream of the media data transmission apparatus, method and fluidized solves conventional technique using a high performance, high power consumption, the ability of the CPU of the expensive to implement is more serving multiple users, greatly wasted CPU processing capacity and resource problems.
The present embodiments provide a fishing web page detection method and apparatus.
The interference processing is performed on the control channels of the first base station, the method comprising: generating a control channel interference processing information, the control channel interference for processing information indicative of the first base station transmits a control channel the physical resources used by; said first base station to the second base station to transmit the control channel interference processing information, such that the second base station in accordance with said control channel interference, the processing information for said first control channel of the base station performs interference processing.
The present invention can be implemented is applied across a network communication between a very good, so that the different Internet applications are bonded together.
The system comprises a plurality of clients and a communication server, the client is connected to the communication server.
The present invention can improve the utilization efficiency of the time-frequency resources of the super cell, to increase system capacity.
The present invention discloses a multipoint cooperate to transmit the next feedback compression method and means for solving the multipoint cooperative transmission for each node, based on the channel state information may be caused, independent feedback fashion as a function of the number of nodes overhead increases linearly with an increase of the technical problems.
The present invention accordingly also discloses a radio communication terminal.
This method, reasonable RRU resource scheduling and resource utilization is improved containment system fault tolerant 灾 capability.
The optical module is arranged to: receive an ONU have different transmission rates of uplink data transmission.
With the aid of the aspects of the present invention, it is possible to meet the user's remote control is carried out by means of a voice control requirements of the mobile terminal, the rich content, a service for a telecommunication service run commercial provides a broader application space.
The present invention is carried out by a mobile device, a method of social interaction by the mobile device, and a combination of a computer network, may enable the user to easily find the new friend of the hand, the ease of operation can be performed quickly, with time, to find a suitable person is selected.
The present invention also discloses a transmitting device and a receiving device.
The terminal supports a first type and a second mode, said first mode and in a first frequency band and the second frequency of the second mode are mutually interfere with the frequency bands.
The present invention provides a resource scheduling method and apparatus, the method comprising: scheduling according to the transmission requirements for resource scheduling of resources; configured to match the frame length of the non-stationary frame structure.
The impedance matching element may eliminate the impedance discontinuity between the two media, thereby solving the electromagnetic wave passes through the interface at the two medium occurs when the reflected electromagnetic energy is lost due to the problem.
In the server needs to communicate with the user equipments, and then passed through a server for the target user device issues the trigger request triggered by the user equipment, a temporary IP assignment, user device and a server or other temporary bearer establishment of a data connection is achieved between the server and a user device of a temporary communications.
Embodiments of the present invention also provides the corresponding device.
Network device to dynamically configure the current communication frame structure and the length of the frame at the current communication frame, and transmits the current communication frames in the frame structure of the configuration information.
The present invention discloses a wireless communication terminal, said wireless communication terminal comprises an application detection module to detect the current traffic characteristics and the current condition of the network, and determining whether the wireless communication terminal from the existing network switches to the other network.
The scheme can be employed with the present invention, the ARP table and the MAC table effectively reverse notification of changes in the three-layer protocol, to achieve a three-layer protocol sensing purposes, two variations of the communication quality can be improved.
Moreover, based on the aspects of the present invention, in a practical application for the IPTV system may be achieved by a content distribution network is the size of the extension, in the adaptive code stream based on the adjustment technique ensures that the network playing performance while addressing the problem of a large scale user access.
The present invention also discloses an access device.
The present invention provides a time domain training sequence based on a channel estimation method and system.
Thus, at the core network control entity in network overload or congestion state, the terminal device to a core network control entity can be obtained which can be provided with a maximum range of location area as the own paging area, avoiding the terminal equipment at the core network control entity within the coverage area.
The present invention relates to a radio frequency antenna, the radio frequency antenna comprises a polyhedral structure and attached to the polygonal structures on a plurality of meta-material radio frequency antenna elements, each antenna element comprising a metamaterial radio frequency feeder, attached media, disposed on a surface of a metal sheet attached medium, said feed is fed to said coupling manner by means of a metal sheet, said metal sheet carved on the grooved structure.
The present invention also discloses that the corresponding system and terminal.
The present invention discloses a co-ordinated control method relates to the field of power system control techniques.
A variety of radio technology co-existence of the terminal when the time division multiplexed communication method that is applied to the support LTE radio technology and at least one other of the terminals.
The present invention discloses a trigger multipoint cooperative transmission in a method and a system for the delivery of services CoMP type when the UE according to a statistical whether retransmission of the triggering of the ratio exceeds a predetermined threshold, it is determined whether or not the UE using the transfer of traffic transmitted CoMP manner.
An Ethernet protection switching is implemented method, comprising: an Ethernet connection dual homing of two data units, ongoing traffic transmitted data unit is known, the abnormality in the link itself in its corresponding system port timeslots in response to inserting the alarm, the cross selected sub-network connection protection without warning system of a data unit of a time slot for service delivery port.
The present invention discloses an optical signal transmission method, device, and a passive optical network.
Using the approach of the invention, even if the UE does not switch to occur or calls, may also be effective in reducing the load of the cell, reducing the UE of a dropped call rate, reducing the chance of handover, the UE increases system KPI.
Accordingly, the present invention also discloses a network handover method.
The present invention, the terminal is able to fine frequency calibration, the effective emission frequency adjustment of the terminal to the central frequency point, to increase the accuracy of the terminal transmit frequency, and this scheme is implemented by means of a simple, without the need for sophisticated instrumentation and algorithm.
The present invention by a mobile terminal to increase the performance of the radio frequency identification.
The second access node receives user data sent to the source of the message, the connection according to a second access node looks up the bindings, recording of said source identifying the location of the user, and sends the data to the query message is sent to the source of the location of the subscriber identifier corresponding to a first access node.
The present invention addresses the filtered message in the related art is generated when the problem of ACL waste of resources.
Wherein, the method comprising: a network element according to the present multicast service determines the first PVC and the second PVC; the network element using the first PVC present multicast service receives a multicasting protocol message; the network element transmits the current using the second PVC of a multicast service of a multicast data stream.
The present invention also provides a process for the preparation of the superabsorbent material.
The process of the invention is achieved by the TDD mode, when employing a multiplexed feedback mode and a feedback manner format3 PUCCH, when the configuration of the power control parameters to achieve a power control.
The present invention achieves a plurality of LED lighting unit is powered by the pressure transmission order, as compared to prior art LED lighting module with a plurality of LED lighting apparatus having a power supply mode, the circuit design of a simple, low cost advantage.
The present invention achieves the RN is effective for the ACK/NACK information of the uplink feedback reports to the eNB and exploits the Backhaullink BackhaulLink channel conditions, improves the transmission efficiency of the uplink feedback information.
Disclosed is an auxiliary source circuit in the chopper switch is turned on by the auxiliary power supply is obtained, without the need for a minimum of chopped angle, thereby eliminating electro-magnetic interference problems.
Embodiments of the present invention avoids the AN during handover between the target AN judges whether or not misinterpreted closed session is created when a phenomenon.
The present invention provides a dual mode radio frequency share a single antenna terminal, comprising: a method of controlling a time division synchronous code division multiple access (TD-SCDMA) in advance for traffic is received, the global system for mobile communications (GSM) frequency set points for the beam of the antenna makes room, TD-SCDMA begins receiving the GSM signal.
The present invention discloses a mobile terminal location information report a method and system.
The present invention is prepared in the main on-board, the veneers are carried out without isolation of the software upgrade is accomplished in a single board, a main board is prepared without manually upgrade, smooth pull the veneer, reduces the upgrade process service interruption time reduces the risk of upgrade.
The present invention also discloses a method for achieving the above terminal in response to the trigger method of triggering the terminal in response to a system, the terminal and the network side.
Avoids using conventional liquid cooling system, the heat exchanger in the water pump and the recycle line, etc., the present system also has a low temperature environment in which is electrically insulating, an advantage of the core component.
The present invention by flexible configuration of different scaling either the target power, so that the channel characteristics and the actual fading consistent, the overall signal fading, in turn, may be controlled in a reasonable range.
The present invention also provides a microwave thermotherapy microwave radiator and the thermal therapeutic device.
The terminal and the server, by means of the information processing apparatus to perform the synchronization of the data backup, or may be provided by a network environment of the information processing apparatus has already been, increasing the download speed, cost savings, reducing the performance requirements of the terminal, the operation of the information processing apparatus will also be more personalized.
On the one hand ensures that the bridge device bridge device with all of the network devices operating under normal, on the other hand, through a simple logic process so that all of the operation involved by itself does not relate to a deeper into the comparison protocols, etc. the techniques developed, the degree of difficulty of the system is reduced, improving reliability of the system, the load of the system is reduced.
The present invention employs convolution section in the whole of the programs into a plurality of shorter segments of the convolution in the frequency domain advanced over each of the sub-segments Segment search, further reducing the overall computational complexity.
The inventive method and apparatus, the terminal may receive the transmission does not affect the performance of the metal to be simultaneously changing the phase of the current magnitude distribution, thereby reducing local peak Specific Absorption Rate, reduce the risk of human exposure.
May assist the user to quickly locate target WLAN devices to be linked to the target, and the WLAN device to establish the link.
The present invention discloses a multiple inter-terminal data content of a real time switching method and system applied to network television technical field.
The attachment technique of the present invention the inventive proposed to the user when the user exits the connected state, the initiated directly attached, which eliminates the idle state of the user, thus avoiding the idle state processing of many processes, it is possible to reduce system complexity, reduce the network load, while improving the utilization of an IPv4 address.
The invention relates to a meta-material polarization converter.
The present invention can be used for the Diameter communication technique.
In addition, the present invention is a one-piece integrated structure has a much more compact, is used to make and more convenient, the advantage of a smaller volume.
The carrier power amplifier circuit part or all of the carriers in the power amplifier is to employ a GaN devices.
The present invention discloses a audiovisual communication link establishment method and apparatus of a technical fields belonging to the network.
The inventive method and apparatus, the received signal may be lifted, to increase the sensitivity of the handheld device CMMB television receiving effect.
The present invention discloses a communication of the IPv4 address is compatible with the method, system, and the communication system comprises a router, the router comprises a message conversion unit; the message conversion unit configured in accordance with an IPv4 address of the IPv4 address is compatible with the identity of the unique identification is achieved the mapping relationship between an IPv4 message with location and identity of the separation between the switching network messages.
Embodiments of the present invention there is provided a low priority access type for AC backoff method and apparatus.
In this way, it is possible to use a pre-set doublets are flexibly manage and control the control parameters for the establishment of the TLS connection https access request, effectively blocking was performed on an illegal TLS connection, as the proxy gateway application system provides a more flexible method of protection measures, increases the proxy gateway service control flow of the safety and flexibility.
The present invention discloses a mobile terminal, the power management method and apparatus belonging to the communication field.
The adjustment module is adjusted according to the adjustment parameters for the video module.
In the present invention the chip and a passive device are integrated together again after integration of the package, and is therefore comprises a unitary system functions, rather than a single chip functionality of the packaged product, has high integrity, further reducing the system's internal resistance, inductance, and the like, the interfering factors are also more readily conform to the tendency of the compact, lightweight, and thin semiconductor package requirements.
The present invention discloses a method, system, and a wireless communications base station.
The present invention discloses a RFID network management of implementation of the method, system, and associated equipment.
The eye diagram for increasing the stability of the cross point control apparatus and method.
Embodiments of the present invention there is provided a method and listen to the simulation platform, relates to the field of communications.
According to an embodiment of the technical solution is provided in the mobile terminal leaves the network access device is known, enable timely status information of the mobile terminal.
The present invention discloses a terminal in response to the trigger, the method comprising: receiving terminal to the network side after the trigger message sent to the network side sends an access request message; wherein said access request message comprises a trigger.
Embodiments of the present invention there is provided a method for the treatment of a page and a mobile switching center.
By the present invention, is routed to a stream of data values to be error recognition.
The device comprises: de-queue module and refresh module.
The present invention provides a method to increase the sensitivity of reception terminal.
The mobile terminal can be achieved using the present invention flexible setting of parameters, to satisfy the user's personalized requirements.
For the member device, the master device, under the control of the synergistic for interoperability.
The present invention discloses an implementation of a multimedia broadcast multicast service count method and system.
The present invention discloses a wireless communication system and its uplink sync channel transmission methods, as well as the corresponding radio frame structure and a pilot structure in radio subframe.
The present invention provides each ONU since, in particular the wavelet bands received only the current data rate is decreased, and therefore the desired device, the cost is reduced.
The load drive circuit is able to reduce power loss of the driving load and increase the efficiency.
The invention relates to a monopole MIMO antenna.
In the embodiment of the present invention may be capable of transmission resources are not limited to the human body, without the nonirradiative electromagnetic interference as well as in the case where the data transmission is realized.
The present invention provides a method and a system implementing the Third Generation Partnership Project Trace mechanism based on a non-standard signaling tracking of the user data.
And capable of smoothing is switched to a normal play or time-shift playback mode, and the like; and thus is able to effectively reduce the trick mode or a data file is downloaded when handover is played, significantly enhanced fluency of, and significantly improve the user's satisfaction.
The present invention provides a meta-material dielectric substrate processing method and prepared by this method, the meta-material dielectric substrate.
Since the creation and updating LIPA connect dedicated bearer, it does not need to handle bearer resources, thereby saving the network resources, and improves the network resource utilization.
The UE may be obtained by random access procedure of the TA value corresponding to each group.
The remote source of leakage from the apparatus in accordance with the remote upgrade key, generates the key disabling data is sent to the information security apparatus, the information security apparatus in accordance with the received key of the leak, the disabling data for disabling operation keys for remotely upgrading.
A MIMO mode configuration method, comprising: accessing a communication network in a respective subbands; channel performance parameter according to the channel performance parameter, it is judged whether the channel performance of each subband, respectively, for each subband with the configuration of the corresponding sub-band channel performance of the MIMO mode.
Two adjacent band antenna acquires band antenna is small power of the first carrier signal quality C1.
The present invention also provides a 光时域 reflectometry signal detection means.
The present invention discloses a handset and image processing method.
The present invention provides a terminal access method and apparatus comprising a new EAB parameter previously set, depending on the system configuration parameters in the EAB corresponding AC bits as well as a new value for the EAB parameters, determining whether to allow access to the terminal.
The wireless communication device of the present invention is capable of monitoring the external network attacks, while also contribute to the destruction of the malicious origin of the interior is also extremely strong containment, and therefore improve system performance and safety; and by analyzing the packet address, protocol, ports, etc., can be achieved by exchanging this data to the full range of the dynamic filtering and monitoring.
The use of the present application, the terminal can be transferred to the context information for the target DeNB belongs to the MME pool.
The present invention is applied to the shape of the serpentine lines, in IFA antenna extends this to a large extent, while also having a bandwidth savings, the antenna volume will now be small, lightweight, meet the needs of the handset styling compact.
The present invention also discloses a cloud system.
The present invention provides a user information sharing of instant messaging system and method.
Wherein the receiver metal mesh 100 through the metal springs 200 with the communication circuit board 300 at the ground potential communication.
The present invention overcomes prior PON network management system managing the mass ONU alarm function is achieved in an insufficient for different ONU, different alarm type provides a different alarm monitoring mode functions, thereby satisfying the PON network devices according to the different classes of service ONU application objects of different monitoring schemes for a PON network, to meet the requirements of the refinement carry dimension.
The present invention discloses a timing of the alert transaction processing method and apparatus, the method comprising: obtaining location information of the mobile terminal is currently located; according to the information of the mobile terminal, the updated system time; based on the updated system time, adjusting the timing of the previously set a reminder time of the transaction.
A heterogeneous network fusion performance optimization method is an EVDO (EvolutionDataOptimized Evolution Data Optimized) mobile cellular network and a wireless local area network, together, constitute the performance of a heterogeneous network optimization methods.
A solar power supply means and the mobile terminal.
Based on the above technical solution, using multiple carrier may be in the case of handover of a UE is performed rapidly, and fast recovery of the current service of the UE, thereby improving the user communication experience.
The method and apparatus can significantly improve the heat dissipation efficiency of the electronic device, reducing the energy consumption, the computer device or to provide a watertight protection.
The present invention also provides an OFDM based data transmission system.
Using the invention, CoMP located at the cell edge is in the state UEs loses contact with the main cell as soon as possible, to be associated with the recovery of the E-UTRAN, and uses the stored CoMP CoMP quickly into the transmission state information.
The present invention provides a data processing method, device, and a packet data convergence protocol layer module.
One side thereof to the impedance of the impedance of the first medium and the second medium is the same, the other side of the same impedance.
A routing method employed by the present invention is much more simple and efficient route to facilitate faster, implemented by hardware.
The present invention reduces the standing wave ratio of false alarm and warning alarm, the likelihood of leakage is simple and easy to achieve.
By the present invention expands the range of application of the widget is used, to improve the user experience.
As the general functionality of the telephone conference terminal provides a method and system.
The present embodiments provide a flow control method and apparatus.
The present invention solves the terminal, by 来电显示 service content displayed in the comparison, the problem of a single 来电显示 rich in traffic information content, the brightness of, enhancing the function of the terminal user experience.
Embodiments of the present invention discloses a method of power control, user equipment and a base station, the carrier can be in a different stoichiometric polymerization case for power control.
By the present invention, M2M systems implementing the routing and routing in the node identifying, based on a hierarchical M2M systems can be completed in a network communication interactions.
Discloses a quad flat no-lead package employing a GSM radio transmission of a front end module.
The present invention by a spatial and temporal correlation more precisely select the motion vector predicted value of the motion vector difference coding, decreasing the code rate can be more finely compressed motion vector data output, decreasing the code rate.
By the approach of the invention, the bearer modification process by independently, without the need for a UE context modification procedure reduces the interaction network signaling and bearer modification the chances of failure.
Embodiments of the present invention is based on the use of the time window from the packet forwarding mechanisms required to determine the attributes or data packets belongs to the delay time of the window in time windows, and the timing of the data packet is forwarded to a reasonable packs for different transmission time of a data packet to be scheduled, and reduce the superior immediacy high transmission of data packets of a time delay.
The present invention enables to simultaneously transmit a plurality of physical uplink signal/channel.
Embodiments of the present invention to provide a 3 D format description information acquisition method and apparatus.
In this embodiment of the method is capable of effectively saving resources of the base station controller and the base transceiver station, there is no need to increase the number of frequently made up, thereby saving the cost.
The present invention also discloses a mobile terminal.
The second radiating structure has two intersecting the first radiant structure on the second line of the extension of a first line and a line segment connecting the first line of the second line.
Method comprising: acquiring a radio network controller RNC provides the control plane signaling of the relevant KPI information and user plane data of the relevant KPI information, the core network providing service type specific KPI information, provided by a base station of the KPI over-the-air quality related information and user terminal measurement related to the quality of the transmission of the KPI information.
The present invention provides an automatic discovery of lossless bandwidth ODUflex adjusting the ability of the methods and systems.
The invention relates to a sound cavity means, comprising a host body, secured to the main body is accommodated in the cavity of the speaker and the speaker is disposed above the main body and a speaker connected to the cover.
The method comprises: receiving a download request for the mobile terminal, and judges whether or not the local information in the download request indicating a resource comprising a backup server information; when the local store information in the download request indicating a resource comprising a backup server information, the backup server when the information is transmitted to the mobile terminal, allowing the mobile terminal to download information according to said backup server resources.
For a cell handover method and apparatus.
In the relay apparatus for solving the RN to replace the donor base station DeNB how the terminal after the context information for the handover to the target DeNB belongs to the mobility management entity MME pool problems.
The method includes: a visited to PCRF according to itself as well as the functions supported by the policy enforcement function entity to be visited functions supported by the home PCRF reports to be visited; the functions supported by the home PCRF according to self supported functions, and are supported by the visited function to a visitor to PCRF returns after negotiation supporting function.
The present invention discloses a buffer status report BSR triggering method.
The present invention provides a method of an intelligent polls, wherein, a user terminal, the user terminal generates a correlation result, polls for subsequent provides related polls the fault location data, according to the relevant data polls the locating malfunction can be dramatically increased the speed and efficiency.
The present invention also discloses a method of managing a log.
Embodiments of the present invention discloses a configuration set of carriers mode of the method, apparatus, and the base station belongs to the field of mobile communication technology.
The method comprising: supporting a video telephone terminal to initiate the call with a visible spot multimedia information; the terminal to the mobile switching centre MSC sends a request to play the multimedia information from the multimedia information by said MSC platform acquires and play the multimedia information.
By the approach of the invention, enables the occasional of MTC terminal can receive and transmit data in and receive data over the interval is not attached to the network, the data interval was performed exactly as in transmission/reception of the data transmission and reception, and preventing the seizure of a network resource.
There is also provided a method of decoding and encoding and decoding means.
The method of the present invention, it is possible to quantify each feedback channel coefficient matrix of singular values, improving system performance.
The application of the present invention may be implemented to control the delinquent traffic value, avoiding the delinquent user takes up the network resources, and protects the operator benefits.
The two-dimensional circuit corresponds to the frequency band of the electromagnetic wave such that the electromagnetic wave through the meta-material when the permittivity and permeability of the material is of substantially 1.
The present invention can be remarkably reduced continuously by a few service processor resources occupation of the case.
The chip structure provides an integral binding surface.
Embodiments of the present invention discloses a two-layer multicast path tracking method, apparatus, and system, belongs to the field of communications.
By the present invention, if the UE was in the IMS network communication using media security protection, it is switched to the CS network can still be carried out after the secure session, thereby capable of enhancing the user communication security.
Compared to the prior art, the invention claimed is a system level fan-out wafer packaging method, the chip and passive devices after they are integrated together, may form a package containing the overall system functions, rather than a single chip functionality of the final encapsulated product.
The coil is disposed on a support for the coil, the coil support with a mobile terminal may be separated; use, the coil carrier is inserted into the mobile terminal, allowing a coil carrier of the coil and the mobile terminal on a radio frequency in the card connection, thereby completing a radio frequency transmit identification process.
The user device context related resources release method comprising: source intermediate node receiving the control message, the control message carrying the handoff to the target access node an identification of the user equipment; said source intermediate node releases the identification of the user device to a corresponding user device context related resources.
Said method comprising: obtaining from the first control point to the IMS core element of an apparatus to sign according to the obtained information; a core to sign information element of an IMS, the control point will be control point information of an IMS itself informs the core web element.
The technical solution according to the present invention, the MPM RACF is able to report the network performance information, reformulating a QoS policy rules.
How to solve for maintaining the physical downlink control channel PDCCH subframe number is length statistical units of a discontinuous reception DRX related problems of the timer.
The present invention supports direct broadcast and a live streaming multimedia service data, the same streaming multimedia service data may also be provided to facilitate different code rates, streaming multimedia service data provider flexible combinations according to the need.
The present invention relates to the field of communications, LTE-LAN discloses a method based on the message and means for forwarding based on two addressing technique implemented in the AP LTE-LAN system with other interworking between network elements.
The method comprising: receiving a network side equipment of the terminal informs the terminal or a hybrid automatic retransmission capability indicating the identity of the hybrid automatic retransmission capability; said network side according to the terminal device a hybrid automatic retransmission capability for resource scheduling for the terminal.
The present invention also discloses a method of implementing the aforementioned a single wireless voice call continuity domain switching system.
The PVC used by the present invention, with the multicast protocol message and a multicast data stream due to binding, solves the multicast protocol is the mass of the multicast media data of the multicast service, the impact caused instability problems, completes the network security and reaches a valid traffic isolation.
When compared to the existing each channel estimation method, which delay is small, low computational complexity, is easy to implement.
The invention belongs to the field of the communication technology.
By using the present invention, the configuration process may increase the LTE system indoor/hotspot coverage in the context of system performance, such that the terminal is operated in the LTE-LAN operating mode, so that the terminal may use proprietary techniques LTE-LAN enhancement scheme, improving system performance.
The present invention discloses an ACK/NACK indicator information transmitting method and apparatus.
It also relates to a video encoding dynamically modify a video communication system.
The network edge entity in response to receiving a trigger information provided in the VT of the trigger information in a short messaging service (SMS), an effective period (VP).
Since the first on the edge, then the user device is scheduled for scheduling user equipment to the center is the central user device occupies, avoiding the originally assigned to the edge user device resources condition occurs, thereby improving the performance of the edge of the user equipment.
The present invention existing video remedies the problems of comparative single color ring tone, and by the third generation mobile communications (3 G) and an IP multimedia subsystem (IMS), or the like is achieved for the broadband technology currently popular touch on demand and personalizing the color ring tone are combined, it is possible to meet the user more requirements.
The present invention discloses a method for implementing a method and system for data acquisition, can each be in TS streams in the segment that contains the information for identifying the media segments, the index information of the index information may also be based on the contained media segment information, acquires the trick mode or a file to be played during the switching of the frame at the RAP.
The present invention also discloses a M2M management method.
The present invention discloses a pilot transmission method, the method comprising: control signaling according to the sub-frames activation or deactivation of the demodulated pilot transmission, there are arranged at selected on a corresponding subframe is transmitted or not to send the demodulated pilot.
May be achieved by the present invention during the multimedia conference call in the attendant extension may be such that, during the multimedia conference is to take place, may be involved in the registrar via a voice conference navigation mode call extension Attendant, may cause the conference member, and is called an extension call alone.
In the present invention, the network side to determine when it is necessary to terminate the MBMS service, will pass through the layer or layers of signalling AS will terminate the reason for the MBMS service notification to each of the abort currently receiving MBMS service according to the UE so that the UE makes a suitable reasons for discontinuation of the MBMS UE receives a policy, enhancing the user's experience effect, improves the quality of service of the MBMS service.
The apparatus is a baseband chip of a GPIO port and a baseband chip USB interface portion of the USB_ VBUS pin connection.
The system comprising: a gateway to the Internet for direct connection to the Internet for the user equipment UE or the connection of data between the devices for control and management; the access point AP for forwarding the data between the gateway and the UE.
The present invention also provides a method of data transmission.
The terminal comprises an acceleration sensor, a processor and memory device.
The present invention is suitable for use in the art of communication systems.
The present invention achieves does not need any software can be downloaded 围观 instant messaging between a user is achieved.
The present invention discloses a method of implementation of the parental lock and the device.
The above table maintenance method, system, and the access gateway router, it is possible to effectively reduce the AGR maintenance to end, reducing the number of table entries of the equipment cost, increasing the table lookup performance.
The present invention provides a multiple recrystallizations of a paging message, the method and device of the paging message during the guaranteed time period sensitive item at the same time, which again adds to the paging success rate.
A low frame rate, the frame-to-frame variation between shots with greater where the P frame prediction method of the present invention, the lift of the compression performance will be even more significant.
The present invention can be in a prior art standard does not change for the premise of the device is carried out a background run Java applications to communicate information to the device functions of the local application module.
The present invention also discloses a multicarrier communication system in an uplink synchronization system.
The present invention discloses a acquisition method of the identity of the terminal and the system, comprising: a terminal configured in the identity of the identity of the location register, the identity of the serving access router from the location register acquires the terminal identity, and sends the acquired identity is notified to the terminal.
Using embodiments of the invention, the established a new type of a binary tree structure of the novel virtual source includes a plurality of stages of a virtual source tree, according to the above-mentioned virtual source tree may establish a propagation model is more accurate and thus effectively, of the electromagnetic wave propagation path, the field strength et al. propagation characteristics were analyzed.
A method for data transmission.
The present invention can be implemented in the remote is photographed by the videophone or recorded video.
The present invention is employed in the prior art are overcome to the AAA server sends a ping packet to the AAA server in a manner that the service state is detected only when it is detected whether or not the underlying link normal defect, it is effective to detect that the AAA server of the service status is normal.
The present invention is characterized by matching route selected from its corresponding Label Distribution effective manner, it is possible to save resources, and to facilitate the tag according to the needs of the network deployment scenario is flexible to add a new tag dispensing mode.
The present invention can be accelerated by the button of a billing record, thereby determining the speed phone determines that the user in time at which the cause of the anomaly, increased user experience.
The storage system comprising a segmentation unit as well as the segment index atom generating means.
The different essentially comprising: two antenna ports, respectively, in a network configuration to on different antennas, so that the antenna may be based on the antenna port is configured using a transmit diversity, in one aspect, since the network that uses two antenna ports for transmission diversity, to give the multiple antenna diversity gain.
The present invention discloses a multi-laminate power amplifiers and implement methods.
The present invention also discloses a method for sending over the backhaul link system for measuring the reference signal.
The present invention has low insertion loss, high quality factor, the wider bandwidth, the occupancy level low, low volume et al. advantages.
Using the present invention in the planning scheme, due to the portion of the time slot to be custom, and thus reduces the transmit power on the BCCH carrier may be used to optimize both the power consumption of the base station or transmits it to minimize the influence of the power consumption while maintaining the operational capabilities of the whole network.
System comprising: a first base station, a terminal, a second base station, wherein said first base station to be sent to the terminal for determining a control information, and transmits the control information to the second base station; the second base station for receiving a first base station to transmit the control information, and transmits the control information to the terminal.
The application terminal, via a second communications protocol for use with the home gateway hitching itself on interaction is carried out.
By the above method can also ensure that the channel simulation system without distortion of the signal plus noise handling small channel case.
Embodiments of the present invention may be implemented in an intermediate node of releasing the source user device context related resources, may, in turn, causes the new network access, the user equipment smoothly and saves the resources.
The present invention discloses an implementation of a multimedia broadcast multicast service continuity method, user equipment and systems.
The present invention discloses a P2MP multicast tunnel protection switching method and system, the method comprising: in a P2MP multicast of the root node and the leaf nodes, respectively, with a tunnel is established between the primary and backup tunnel; for each of the leaf nodes of the primary tunnel into the interface of the flow takes statistics, to give each of the leaf nodes of the primary flow; each leaf node of a primary flow according to the respective primary backup tunnel with the handover is performed.
Embodiments of the present invention may be implemented is aware of the node is not occupied frequency determining the appropriate detection threshold.
The method comprising: a base station acquisition terminal to report the uplink channel parameters from the upstream channel parameter; and said terminal current user attribute of the corresponding uplink channel parameter threshold, the decision is made whether to adjust the attributes of a user terminal, wherein said subscriber attributes includes a central user and edge user; the adjustment is performed for the user attribute of the terminal reallocating frequency resources.
The method is capable of dynamically adjusting the playback duration segmentation program and playing back contents is made, thereby reducing the complexity of the segment and to increase the viewing experience of a user.
The present invention discloses a very long SMS message transmission/reception method, devices and systems.
The present invention also discloses a method of implementing the above method of a wireless sensor network access system for a telecommunications network.
The method comprises: 3 GPP network device to the external IP packet header information to the broadband access Forum (BBF) access network device; said BBF access network with said external device will match the IP header information of the data packet is a packet in accordance with the differentiated services code point (DSCP) to be forwarded.
Using the embodiment of the invention, the method and system by controlling the switching interface between entities such that the control entity to obtain external domain boundary switching entity related information such that it can be found and established a link across domains.
The invention is applicable to a distal supply source field of technology, there is provided a power supply system and distal to the distal end.
This invention extends the functionality of the prior clicking a dial-up service, which spreads the use of putting a dial-up service aspects, satisfying the requirements of the user.
The present invention discloses a Doherty amplifier means and the power amplification method.
The first half frame by frame and the last half of the slide to pull up the photographing apparatus, to adjust the height of the center of gravity, which essentially moves up and down will take place only, without showing the horizontal movements, its stability is good, it is possible to reduce the weight part, thereby reducing the overall weight of the photographing apparatus.
In the arrangement of the resistor array unit for use with the range selection unit, from the range selection unit acquires according to the response of the photodetector diode PD degree range, adaptive selection of output signal after a resistance corresponding to a transimpedance amplifier.
The method comprises: the UE determines each of the measurement object is measured at the UE subsets; each measurement is measured on a subset of the measured object; the UE to the network side sends the measurement object in each subset of the measurements on the measurement results.
By embodiments of the present invention, is able to implement the physical portal for secondary binding, so as to better better satisfy the service requirements.
The charging system architecture is simple, relatively small volume, and belong to the large battery charging system, may be applicable to all lead zinc battery charging.
The present invention discloses a access node to adjust the processing method of the carrier frequency, comprising: an access node sending a carrier frequency adjustment information to the terminal, the terminal according to the received carrier frequency adjustment information to make the corresponding processing.
The present invention discloses a network load information, user location information, policy treatment method and apparatus, the network load information processing method comprising: receiving the network management system NMS is carried by the subscriber location information message; the NMS according to the received user location information providing network load information.
The method of the invention, the high frequency wireless smart card can be produced by high frequency beam for data transmission, the method is implemented using a high frequency wireless smart card, not only have a low power consumption, and the characteristics of the card swipe response speed is fast.
Embodiments of the present invention discloses a carrier, a timer in the polymerization system maintenance method and apparatus relate to the field of wireless communication technology.
The present invention discloses a multimedia conference treatment method and apparatus, the method comprising: providing a media server sends a conference type conversion request is received from the media server; a pair of conference type conversion request acknowledgement messages; a re-INVITE members in the conference hall.
According to the present invention, the real time configuration, the pilot may help to improve the quality of communication, and to ensure that the transmission reliability and can also reduce the pilot overhead, and adapted to more of a channel environment and application scenario.
In the embodiment of the present invention is determined according to a priority policy established neighbor relationships, such that the order of the neighbor set up process of the ordered controllable and can increase the stability and reliability of the network operation.
The present invention discloses an authentication method, comprising: using the player obtains the audio-visual work is recorded in the authentication data, and sends the authentication data to the mobile communication device using a mobile communications device, the authentication data to an authentication server; using the authentication server to an authentication data for authentication, in order to obtain the result of the authentication by means of the mobile communication device; the authentication result to the player.
The virtual terminal system comprising: a master device and at least one member device.
The present invention is effective for a pixel of the detection of the ringing effect, is capable of effectively inhibiting the artificial noise, increasing the subjective quality of video.
The method comprises: obtaining a neighbor cell sub-frame configuration information, determining whether the neighbouring cell in the same subframe, whether on the different directions of transmission configuration; if so, according to the obtained in the adjacent cells of the same sub-frame, transmission of data on the relevant information for the adjacent the inter-cell interference coordination.
The present invention discloses a notification of the user information, the method comprising: accessing BBF access network after the UE is authenticated, BBF AAA assigns an IP address to the UE prior to access the network, or access BBF after a UE is authenticated, in BBF AAA assigns an IP address to the UE when the UE BBF AAA by BNG BPCF identification to the user.
In an electronic device utilizing the present invention, as the acoustic passageway is provided after the blind passage blind passage itself, due to the relatively fine, wherein air is compressed at a pressure of water to form a counter pressure.
Said method comprising: when the low priority AC to one and the same station STA in another AC while obtaining a transmission opportunity TXOP and the occurrence of internal collision is detected when the low priority AC of the shared state; and the TXOP according to the detected TXOP shared state, the performance of the low priority AC backoff.
Branch comprising a metal, is electrically connected to the metal branch comprises a first portion and a second portion, and a metal branch of the first portion and the second portion of the metal fingers are arranged on a surface of the substrate which is different.
A method for securing a user network security method and a client, the method comprising: monitoring whether the user via the client opens the single-sign-on operation mode or a payment mode of operation, and when the user logs on to the monitoring mode of operation or after the mode of payment operation, according to the security policy set in advance by the user's login process or payment process is carried out for security monitoring.
The present invention discloses a CS domain control acquires the PS domain control network element of a network element of a method and system information.
The presently filed embodiment is employed in the Cell The downlink traffic demand was scribed ratio is changed, the neighbor is aware of the sub frame information, improving system performance.
The present invention provides a method for resource request, the central station and the access point.
The present invention also discloses a control terminal to initiate the service, it is possible to effectively control the system is in a connected state of the terminal to initiate the new service in an overload condition so as to avoid the network side of a connected state due to the terminal to initiate the new service to aggravate the load, thereby effectively control the network side load condition.
By the present invention by tri-level synchronization method is used to determine the starting point of the light OFDM symbols, greatly increases the acquisition light of the OFDM symbol, the accuracy of the starting point, even in the case of a relatively low signal to noise ratio, can also be achieved accurately synchronizing signal, and to reduce the synchronization error.
The method comprises: the MME is in overload overload control signalling is transmitted to the base station. the base station receives the overload control signaling according to the overload control signaling after the terminal establishes an RRC connection reject the request.
The solutions described above are mixed subframes is determined for the downlink or uplink subframes in a corresponding subframe, the up-going component carrier or down components from sending or receiving data over subcarriers, thereby achieving the purpose of improving spectral efficiency.
Method comprising: a terminal (UE) target of the handoff by switching to the home base station acknowledgment message, a handover notification message or a path conversion request message, the tunnel information advertised to the mobility management unit (MME); the MME via the evolved packet core (EPC) gateway and the Policy and Charging Rules Function (PCRF) will acquire the tunnel information of an announcement to the fixed network.
The present invention discloses a method of implementing a radio resource control and system, wherein the method comprises: the base station measures the number of different attributes to activate the terminal according to the measured amount of active terminals of the corresponding attribute terminal for control.
The present invention discloses a measuring method, a base station and a user equipment belonging to the communications art.
The invention in the communication terminal is in the ear proximate to the listening mode, the control, the backlight is turned off and the touch screen mode, when a call is a non-ear proximate to the listening mode, it controls the backlight and the touch screen is turned on, thereby saving power consumption in the communication terminal, while also preventing malfunction of a touchscreen.
By such method and apparatus according to different traffic requirements, it is possible to provide the corresponding interactive voice response flow, while simultaneously increasing the customer experience.
This process allows to avoid too deep into the phase due to magnetic loss protection to shut down.
By providing the forwarding of the embodiment of the present invention, the method and device of the network element can be solved when a partial physical interface fault occurs, the network element by other physical out interface to forward the network element into the interface receives a flow of the other physical interfaces may result in a technical problem of congestion occurs.
The present invention discloses a log management means.
The present invention also discloses a variation on a multipoint collaboration CoMP multicell UE accesses of the system, using the methods and systems can be solved in the initial access edge when the UE is not added to the problem of CoMP, which in turn may ensure that the edge when the UE initially access the throughput of the edge of a cell.
The present embodiments provide a network address translation table entry of hot backup method and apparatus.
The present invention discloses a carrier allocation method.
A rubber micropowder containing nanoparticulate pre-crosslinked a coextruded composite separator for lithium ion batteries and the use thereof.
The method includes: RN is switched and the access to the new host base station, after the RN or target host base station will still resident in the RN cell's user device requires a transition of the downlink bearer information sent to the user equipment, the mobility management entity (MME, to request the MME is converted to the user equipment downstream data tunnel endpoint.
The present invention discloses a data transmission method, apparatus, and system belonging to the communications art.
A receiver comprising means for receiving radio frequency signals from the antenna and the input terminal of the tuning circuit, which may be tunable circuit includes input terminals coupled to the input terminal, the at least one control input terminal and an output terminal.
The present invention provides in an artificial microstructure can be such that the same volume may be arranged within a wire length is increased, thereby increasing the equivalent capacitance value, the resonant frequency is reduced, it is useful to achieve highly integrated and bypassing or reaches a certain specific frequency band, thereby achieving the existing ultra material cannot be achieved by a magnetic resonance function.
The present invention discloses a positioning reference frame signals, a transmission method and apparatus for resolving Release10 PDSCH in the reference signal, a channel state information and the relay station backhaul link with the positioning of the reference signal in the transmission, the CP length results in ambiguity, the receiving side cannot be measured accurately and technical problems of a received signal.
Embodiments of the present invention in the user device enters the idle state, indicated by the tunnel information is invalid, the notification PCRF home base station and the security gateway tunneling between information is not valid, so releasing the corresponding resource, improves the efficiency in use of the system resources.
The present invention is based for super material has an antenna, a microwave thermotherapy radiator and microwave thermotherapy means by means of a refractive index profile in the interior of the meta-material is achieved from spherical wave form diverging electromagnetic wave signal to be able to form a plane wave of the long distance transmission of electromagnetic wave signals transition.
The present invention provides a Tr069 protocol based on the method of acquiring the device state.
Provided by this invention solves the technical solution, the prior art does not yet have a specific control the UE to report the measurement is carried out, so that a problem of the method may acquire timely latest cell adjacent relationship, ensures that the user's session continuity, improves the quality of service of the user.
The present invention provides that the mobile terminal is an internal antenna and the mobile terminal.
By the present invention in a first filter of the channels between the first resonator and the second resonator coupling hole is opened, causing the second port from the first frequency band signal may be used by the filter channels, thereby realizing a loopback testing.
The present invention may be implemented using a plurality of video call, and, in the case of without increasing bandwidth, increase the video call quality.
The present invention discloses a physical uplink control channel power control method and apparatus.
Using the method of the present disclosure enables the UE to obtain a plurality of TA values.
The present invention is achieved by the technical solution to the problem of congestion, removing the core network, to avoid erroneous traffic flow control.
The method is based on user identity and position the splitting network implementation, the identity of the network in the location register (ILR) are responsible for storing and maintaining the terminal of the first information with the second information mapping relationship.
At the same time as a result of the Doherty amplifier based on the power consumption of the power amplifier in the carrier, the vast majority of the carrier power amplifier used in the present invention, the efficiency is much higher than that of the GaN device LDMOS device, so that the overall efficiency of the power amplifier to give a large lift.
The technical solution according to the present invention, the acquisition of a party in the mobile terminal by the authenticated may query a specific location information is required.
The invention relates to a wideband communication method, particularly a 35 kV voltage level based on the distance of the line broadband high-speed power line communication method.
Embodiments of the present invention discloses a wireless local area network authentication method, comprising: a mobile terminal automatically obtains access to an account number and an access password; said mobile terminal to a network authentication request is automatically sent from the Web server, the Web authentication request carries the access account number and the access code.
The present invention provides a network device to join the cluster system interface registration method and apparatus.
The present invention is achieved by a plurality of support video telephony is performed while the mobile terminal is a video call function of the mobile terminal, the extended service effect.
Using this method and apparatus enables a user of the mobile terminal itself according to provide accurate information of the mobile terminal has been lost is found, the search process operability is strong.
Using the present invention, the number of component carrier which can be in the measurement of the total power of the transmitted reference signal exceeds the maximum transmit power of the terminal, in a case where the components of the carrier reference signal measured on a normal transmission.
The present invention can do not affect the quality of service of the UE traffic cases reduces the cell load.
In comparison to prior CCCH, static, configuration, the present invention provides a technical solution to avoid NCH block number is too little and the cell configuration in the case of the notification is relatively large, allowing the end-user to access the group call service in a timely manner, ensures that the notification of the scheduling efficiency.
The method comprises: a clock plate to the service panel and the cross plate transmission frame header and the cross plate; the service panel frame header is used for frame alignment.
The method comprises: obtaining an IP address of the base station itself, using the IP address establishing a virtual private network (VPN) tunnel, if the VPN tunnel is successfully established, it is determined whether the network environment is a public networks; otherwise determines network environment is a private network.
The present invention discloses a radio frequency identification function with a mobile terminal, the mobile terminal comprising: an antenna coil, disposed in the rear housing of the mobile terminal in the FPC, the coil winding on the front face of the first portion and the second portion of the back surface of the FPC overlap.
Its structure is the important point is that its signal transmission means through the coupling device is connected to a 35 kV voltage level on a power line signal receiving device is a wireless receiving means, and an output terminal connected to the data processing module.
The present invention is accomplished by a plurality of transport interface collaboration communications traffic distribution transmission, it is possible to improve the interface usage, and to improve the user experience.
Further, the present invention also allows the antenna in the lower operating band of the feed line structure is simplified, reducing the losses of the feed line, increased low operating frequency band of the antenna performance.
By the present invention, improves the accuracy of the channel information feedback.
Aspects of the present invention, the effective solution for a time division synchronous code division multiple access (TD-SCDMA)/Global System for Mobile Communications (GSM) to be transmitted in the terminal 双模双 crosstalk problems.
Embodiments of the present invention the intra-prediction and inter-prediction encoding, lifting of the combined performance as well as compression efficiency.
The present invention facilitates improved through silicon vias structure in practical applications of alertness.
The present invention can be used in the wireless communication system.
The arrangement comprises a first transmission module, a receiving module and the second transmission module.
The present invention discloses a cavity filter and radio frequency communication device.
Embodiments of the present invention to solve regime facilitates movable audio pickup device deployment scenario of audiovisual matching problem.
There is also provided an optical amplifying method and a passive optical network system and the device.
While the speaker aft, not only a space saving of the front portion of the device is improved aesthetics, also enables the designer to freely designed and engineered acoustic cavity, thereby allowing the device to obtain the sound quality of the maximum limit to be exercised.
Comprising: downloading the upgrade software to the main on-board, on one board was prepared, and the isolation of a single board, the upgrade isolation was prepared after upgrade veneer; veneer board is prepared, and releases the isolate state, the isolated major service; and take over the single board, the upgrade of isolated primary veneer.
Embodiments of the present invention discloses a message processing method, a forwarding devices and systems.
Can be avoided by the present invention. in the prior art, MAG and/or LMA not perceived due to changes in IPv6 prefix delegated prefixes to forward a message containing a failure condition occurs, ΡΜΙΡν6 protocol implemented on the support of IPv6 prefix distribution.
The present application discloses a relay resource status reports in the system, a method and apparatus for implementing a resource status with respect to the relay device reports.
Embodiments of the present invention discloses a channel code resources 徘 allocation method and a base station, the method comprising: a ground network controller sends no assigned 陹 徘 Resource Provisioning 臵 notification message, the carcass Resource Provisioning 臵 carried in the notification message channel code resources required to fit 臵 徘 徘 channels in the cell information in data; 徘 channel resource occupation of the channel code resources required 臵 徘 channel demand assignment channel code.
The present invention can increase the RN is deployed in the network, ensuring that the reconstruction of the success rate of their good mobility characteristics.
Since in the present invention only when the user terminal traffic in a certain direction when it cannot be guaranteed that the QoS according to cause the QoS is not guaranteed to cause CoMP transmission mode is initiated, so it is possible to effectively utilize the system resources, and to improve the quality of service of the user, and to improve the user experience.
Within the visited domain comprising: an access handover control function (ATCF) will be allocated to the user of the dynamic, single wireless voice call continuity session handover number (STN-SR) to the visited domain is stored within a Home Subscriber Server (HSS); in dynamic STN-SR obtains from the HSS.
Each column of the column head at least one column head switch deployment.
An implementation of the domain traversal information processing method and system.
The present invention discloses a process to break the videophone in a method and system for multimedia information.
When the terminal is in an offline state periodically reads the broadcast message in a broadcast message, and the terminal comprises a trigger information, the connection is established.
When the preset C1 with a default value for the difference of less than a first predetermined value, it is held under the isolation of two adjacent band antenna radio frequency performance state.
Embodiments of the present invention discloses a radio resource control protocol connection establishment procedure, the user terminal and the base station.
The method and apparatus for the uplink frequency band limited frequency can be used in a frequency multiplexing for effective to suppress co-channel interference, and allows for a full frequency band resource and part of the sub-band resources for effective load balancing.
The present invention provides an electromagnetic material for manual artificial microstructures.
The first input filter means at one end thereof to said first tuning circuit, and the other end connected to the adjusted voltage input.
The present invention discloses a iso-inter-network handover method and system, Evolution of the high rate packet data (eHRPD) network.
The method comprises: receiving at the user side of the acquisition of the multicast network to transmit the multicast data, and the multicast data collected for analysis, and the extraction multicast performance parameter; and, depending on the extraction of said multicast performance parameters for said user's multicast performance was evaluated.
The apparatus comprising: a processor operative to derive at least one data packet is received at a rate of interest; a transmitter for the corresponding packet is transmitted to the destination end of the destination, and transmits the data packet, wherein the rate of interest is less than or equal to the rate of said packet of data is received.
Method comprising: a broadband network policy server to the home gateway device delivering local control access list information; the home gateway according to the received local access control list information, the mobile terminal is performing access control data.
Embodiments of the present invention discloses a method and apparatus for initialization of a terminal device.
By the present invention addresses in the prior art cannot effectively obtains the user data, which in turn causes the problem of network side can be effective to give the user data.
In the embodiment of the present invention in a video conference with respective sites of the screen and the corresponding video capture device terminal is a video asset to patterning, to thereby enable a user intuitive understanding of each hall, improve the working efficiency.
Embodiments of the present invention also provides the corresponding network device.
A method and system for utilizing the present invention within a codeword data is mapped into the two data, under conditions effective to reduce the received energy of the signal is received is reduced, thereby improving the antenna gain imbalance (AGI) effect of the received signal.
A method for implementing multimedia conferencing, and multimedia conferencing platform.
The recipient receives the second, third encryption information, with which the third private key to decrypt the encrypted information to obtain the key, and using the second encryption key to decrypt the message information is obtained.
The present invention discloses a more centralized management method of the same path tunnel.
Embodiments of the present invention there is provided a flow shaping process and equipment, relates to the field of communications.
The present invention discloses a cellular phone and receive information processing method.
Embodiments of the present invention to provide an Internet Protocol Multimedia Subsystem network, the data transfer method and apparatus for communications art.
The present invention discloses a reversal of multimedia streams, comprising: charging method called terminal of the calling terminal multimedia stream according to the inversion of the billing request, the multimedia stream for billing negotiations are inverted, and the negotiated result notifying the calling terminal and the called terminal determines; or the multimedia stream is reversed charging, it informs the calling terminal.
The cross point control module includes a voltage setting unit and a feedback control unit.
The present invention differs from the conventional microwave absorbing material using a shock wave principle, through the various artificial metallic microstructures on to a substrate to the periodic array and the artificial metallic microstructures are adjusted to achieve the desired suction wave effect.
The present invention discloses a bearer modification of the system.
The method includes: a wireless relay node receives a message from the source host base station, wherein the message is used to indicate that the wireless relay node handover into the target host base station; a wireless relay node will itself 所辖 user equipment of the target context information to the host base station.
A light 海缆 路双端 monitoring to avoid a collision of the scheduling method, apparatus and system.
According to the present invention may be the enterprise Attendant system and business office system operatively associated, and enables efficient, conveniently maintenance system, and an enterprise business enterprise Attendant information resources of the system is maximized, so that the information resource utilization of the enterprise users, is provided on a shortcut in an office.
Embodiments of the present invention discloses a message broadcast method, comprising: a client office systems submitted by a user through a user interface to receive the input content; encapsulating the input content; according to a predetermined manner after encapsulation of the input content is sent to the enterprise Attendant systems via the enterprise Attendant system for broadcasting.
By direct bonding process according to the invention overcomes the bottleneck of the screen-printing process on a silicon wafer, is able to produce a good, the aspect ratio of the gate line electrode increases the absorption of the solar cell and current collection capabilities, as well as the conversion efficiency of the solar cell and the production efficiency.
The present invention provides a timing advance value of update processing method, a base station, a subscriber devices and systems.
The present invention discloses an external time port toggling of the method and apparatus.
Streaming media transmission method and system according to the present invention, the network transmission efficiency can be improved.
The present invention provides a baseband processing unit, a base station and a data transmission method.
The method comprising: an application processor (AP) timing to the wireless module sends an interrogating call state information; a wireless module will save command during a call, the call state information and the stored call state information is sent to the AP.
The present embodiments provide a policy control method and apparatus.
The present invention also discloses an access device and a authenticating equipment that is applied to the identity and location identifying separate networks.
Such a configuration allows the demodulated pilot may be adaptive communication link variation, both to help increase the transmission reliability, and the average is able to increase system capacity.
The baseband processing unit of a data transmission method comprising: baseband processing unit on the peripheral circuitry to be uploaded to the radio network controller of the Ethernet data is parsed and recombinant and uploaded to the radio network controller; or the peripheral circuit from the radio network controller of the Ethernet data is parsed and recombinant, corresponding with the Ethernet data is sent to the Ethernet data processing unit.
The invention improves the service key update, the update notification push service key, a validity and purposive, avoiding the system due to this part of the user terminal is focused on the service key update validation of the fetched from the server service key in the event of a breakdown or congestion occurs, increasing the effectiveness of a push service keys.
The present embodiments provide a sleep detection systems and methods of the cell.
When the query server from the client receives a query task number exceeds the threshold value, the trigger query task assignment according to the query server client of the operation of the task processing priority policy assignments and a task receives a query task exceeds a threshold.
The present invention provides a method of treating CMMB service CMMB, a terminal and a server, the method comprising: the terminal is turned on to the CMMB CMMB service, the server sends a request message to acquire channel information, the request message carries information has been captured in the channel to which the marking information.
The present invention discloses a method of reducing the length of a status report when a receiving end, comprising: determining the switch status report is less than a preset threshold, a status report when a status report to the generated modification has been received, the start and end position of the data segment as the contents of the status report is sent to the transmitting end.
The touch screen management module connected to the touch screen.
The present invention also discloses a method for implementing flow mapping, means for achieving the rate matching device and a transmitter.
A handover indication method, comprising: a base station to a terminal (UE) sends a measurement request comprises measuring configuration, said measuring arrangement with a field in the creation of a new base station receives the information; the UE according to the field of the report information acquisition and supporting said UE traffic to the neighbour cell information to the UE, after initiating a handover procedure.
The present invention can be in a superposition of multiple protection easily and quickly scenario, the implementation of the switching of the protecting group, the effects of multiple protection is achieved.
The headset device comprising: a first interface, the second interface, a switch and the isolation unit.
Each of the impedance of the functional sheet stacking direction along the functional sheet is continuously varied.
The present invention provides a method and apparatus to detect decision error.
Wherein the master device for the member device based on the environmental context information to the member device, in cooperation with the control is carried out.
Using the configuration of the embodiment of the present invention provide an identification of the terminal, a method, apparatus and system by carrying the RTP-tid User-tid and/or attributes of configuration information, the management entity of the implementation of the management of the data units and/or User-tid RTP-tid configuration.
The method includes: a ring network nodes to be monitored along the ring network clockwise and/or counterclockwise direction, measured relative to a time reference point of its own time error clockwise and/or counterclockwise; the time error according to the time error clockwise and/or counterclockwise time error, the monitoring time fault.
The present invention discloses a method of power control, comprising: a base station (BS)/base station controller (BSC) according to different power control state using a different power control period for power control.
The present invention is that the base station can acquire frequency domain processing capabilities of the user equipment information about resources is more closely, increasing the efficiency of utilization of resources.
The present invention may be implemented in a mobile terminal, and achieves a miniaturized design FM 外放 function, improves the FM broadcast function user experience.
By the present invention, different user terminals can be avoided in the same RB PUCCH message sent on to produce an inter-carrier interference and the interference between users.
The present invention discloses a channel occupancy method.
Using the present invention can accurately detect the interfering signal having a discontinuous properties, especially the coexistence interference within the device.
This embodiment realizes a to operate in a proxy mode of a device management gateway after initialization of the terminal device.
The present invention also discloses an intelligent adaptive impedance matching is adjusted by means of the above described method and apparatus can ensure that the mobile terminal is in a traffic state, various application environments demand and personalization of different impedance matching is achieved at the mobile terminal is always at the preferred operating condition.
The network indicates the terminal enters a passive update state, the terminal location update timer is stopped according to a network to transmit, and a location update to the network indicating that initiate a location update.
The present invention is used in the related art can be resolved at the NodeB is a large number, in all cases to be established between the new NodeB and the eNode-B physical connection of a resource intensive, requiring a problem.
The substrate provided at a rear portion of the antenna.
Also, since the user is required to transmit the short message, the short message center to the expiration of the performance impact of very low and not to the short message centre causes the operating load, ensures that the short message service center in the performance.
An IP network failure positioning methods, devices and systems.
The present invention provides a semi static scheduling method, a user equipment and a network device.
The present invention provides a method of ensuring that the QoE whether or not can be made through the QoE will drop to anticipate the QoE drop for QoS adjustment is carried out prior to the lowering of the QoE may occur using a precautionary measure to ensure that the user experience quality.
The present invention accordingly also discloses a based on an IPSec Security Association message handling means. The present invention can achieve an anti-replay synergistic processing sequence and stored in the ingress direction, avoiding the thread is stored using a uniform sequence, simplifies the process flow, increasing the forwarding efficiency.
Embodiments of the present invention can improve the resource utilization and system capacity.
The technical solution according to the present invention, provide protection group configuration operation can be greatly simplified.
The rectifier module, respectively, to the AC mains and the charging module is connected.
Solutions of the embodiment of the present invention through the monitoring device with the communications between the collision avoidance handshake implementation.
The present invention discloses a streaming media resource sharing method, system and apparatus having DLNA function.
Embodiments of the present invention can be made in two or more between multiple user devices to share information, or desktops, in real time, so that the user of the user device is capable of real time tracking of another user of the user equipment on the desktop of the dynamic and acquires the sharing of information.
An audiovisual signal transmission interface means, including a left channel interface, a right channel interface, a multimedia terminal interface and ground interface in a multimedia terminal interface in series with a first power source and the first resistor.
The even addressed by this invention enables the mobile terminal to the network operation and maintenance of the technical problem is updated.
Using the present invention is able to reduce power consumption.
The child device (1) is built in a non-rotatable tube (8).
The present invention also discloses a device for access to a wireless network.
The present invention provides a cell handover method and a base station.
In this multiplexing on the border gateway, the network identification of the source can be clearly distinguished.
The present invention can be used by the terminal control that high-speed PS services in 3 G networks for PS service achieved using a high speed from a 2 G network is diverted to the 3 G network, the equalizer 2 G, 3 G network loading purposes.
The present invention also discloses a multimedia broadcast multicast service transmits a notification of a change of state, the apparatus comprising: a notifying unit, by means of the AS or signaling for informing the UE currently transmitted MBMS service transmits a notification of a change of state information.
Wherein, the method comprising: receiving traffic information from a server, wherein the service information includes the user to subscribe to a respective type of service information corresponding to the nominal; according to the service type of the traffic information is classified according to a type of service information; and determining a classification of the service information after the display area of a display area of; in the determination is presented in the service information.
The present invention also discloses a configuration parameter of the user plane of the processing device.
The present invention discloses a terminal based information display method, apparatus and system.
The present invention discloses a passive optical network, the upgrade method as well as the optical distribution network.
The network connection according to the invention is carried out so that the client can monitor the current real time status of the network environment responsive to the adjusted.
The method comprises: AAA server receiving the preset user access request message, if data source connection status is normal, the preset user feedback to the access network element is an access response message.
A method of configuring the base station data, network element management system and an operation and maintenance module OMM, the method comprising: receiving a network management system, the network element management system for a first base station transmitting a configuration message according to the first configuration message, the base station triggers the data configuration of the flow.
Through the present invention avoids the terminal gains access to the network part of the radio resource occupied when large due to the other terminal cannot easily access network problems, effectively prevented machine type device occupies a large amount of radio resources, thereby ensuring that, in the case of the general subscriber access networks, which in turn improves the transmission efficiency of the network load control capability.
The user of the UE indicating allowable range for information indicating whether the UE supports the MDT measurement of the PLMN.
The two multi-channel sound generation module is assembled to the headset, respectively from the front and rear channels, bass and ceramic horn, after receiving the audio signal to derive different domain, such that the sound of the multi-channel headphones reaches a listening to effect.
Since the present invention embodiment of the wireless communication device is capable of delivering HTML command into a programmable language commands, and according to the programmable language commands to perform the operation, scalability, which can provide a strong rich services and products, services of the differential integrator convenient design, and may be effective in reducing the peripheral processor requirements.
The present invention enables the PDCCH is carried by a first carrier pair to the second carrier for uplink and downlink scheduling purposes.
The present invention discloses a mailbox account protection method, system and apparatus.
The method dispatch system, in particular as follows: number of users within a cell is calculated according to the required number of time domain symbols, determining a time division duplex (TDD) and slot configuration by a baseband unit downstream to the radio frequency unit.
The present invention also discloses a P2P network data migration in a system which uses the method and system of the present invention, the P2P network can greatly reduce the amount of data in the data migration and migration time, thereby increasing the speed and reliability of the data migration.
The present invention discloses a dual stereoscopic cameras photographing the treatment method and apparatus.
The present invention also discloses a P2P network policy control is implemented in the system and resource control agent, a method and a system using the present invention, in the P2P network is able to efficiently implement the policy control.
The capacitor is mounted, the whole was placed in the lower end of the core pack retaining groove and gripped, increasing the core pack securing force areas, in the vibration conditions was used to improve reliability.
User information is cached in turn reduces the waste of resources, a saving of more BRAM.
Embodiments of the present invention, the capacity of the station activation method and system can be more accurately determine the need for activation of the capacity of the activation station, and is able to control the capacity of the transmission power of a station, to reduce overall system power consumption.
The present invention satisfies the user's seat to the Web browser and a plurality of the multiple operating system requirements.
By aspects of the present invention, it is possible to avoid data migration effects of the session.
The present invention discloses a method for the processing of data in the communications network and equipment.
A channel estimation performance improvement of the method and system.
The method comprises: setting up servers is converted to a plurality of clients connected to the plurality of clients; attempts to establish a direct connection is connected and/or client intermediation connection; if the direct connection client is connected or disconnected, the connection is successfully transferred to the plurality of client server transfer connections.
The method includes: a terminal information, wherein the data is acquired, the terminal is connected to a server via a mobile data network; the terminal transmits the data information is transmitted to the server, using the server stores data information.
Using the reverse management, comparing the new reverse management entries with the original reverse management entry, if there is no match, then the reverse informing the upper layer protocol, wherein the reverse management entry includes entries and RMARP RMMAC entries.
The apparatus comprising: an acquisition unit and the switching unit.
Embodiments of the present invention there is provided a fast switching relay ports, a method and apparatus relate to the field of communications.
The present invention exploits the tailbiting convolutional code, the structural features of the LLR value on the input of the decoder, and a reordering is performed by modifying the derivation of the convolutional code generator polynomial in the trace back, so that the decoder can be, in a process in accordance with the information bits of the serial output from the positive sequence, namely: the first bit of the first information sequence is successfully decoded.
The present invention discloses a method and system for the transmission of data.
The method includes setting the 1 a multi-pole, multi-throw switch antenna or multiple antennas single-pole, multi-throw switch the mobile terminal through which signals of different frequency bands 1 a multi-pole, multi-throw switch antenna or multiple antennas single-pole, multi-throw switches respectively fed to two or more than two antennas.
Also the corresponding provides a television power control management method.
During transmission, transmitting only the text content, save for transmission resources, increasing the transmission speed.
By the above described method and system can be achieved at a high level, a long term evolution of the system after introducing the multipoint cooperative transmission techniques to multiple eNode Bs, relates to the establishment of a traffic channel and data transfers.
Application of the present invention can meet the requirement, the coverage of the wireless local area network may also make efficient use of radio resources, increase multiplexing user, reduce the uplink random access collision probability, improving system throughput.
The method of the present invention include: user interacting through a community access platform, said assembly when the assembly by the server retrieves the 围观 围观 user information of said assembly; the user interacts with the user, and the user 围观 围观 according to said assembly between the 围观 user information, information on said component interaction.
The present invention discloses a method of scheduling delay.
The present application discloses a PDCCH joint adaptation of the resource allocation method and apparatus.
In the above method, when the PDCCH blind detection process when the CRC passes, the cache DCI decoding information as well as the DCI decoding information of the corresponding DCI format type information, with DCI format type information of the corresponding error detection decision rule for DCI decoding information for blind detection decision result of PDCCH is correct.
An electric power to drive the device, comprising: including at least one motor (101) of the device (1); the output shaft (3); at least one non-rotating elastic coupling means (2); a non-rotatable tube (8).
A terminal information sharing method, comprising: the server receives the path information transmitted by the terminal; the server converts the path information group to the terminal is located is the other terminals are sent.
The present invention discloses a calculation method of the channel quality indicating information and terminal.
The first segment and the second segment are parallel.
The present invention provides a value creation process.
Embodiments of the present invention can be implemented for an effective distribution of relay cell resource, and satisfy the system user fairness and system capacity requirements.
The present invention provides a single station mode upon power up of the base station methods, devices, and the base station.
The client connects communication server.
The present invention is able to advance the perceptual port congestion, made in a timely manner, the counter-pressure operating to send flow control frame. Flow controlled amount of force is increased gradually to avoid excessive as well as traffic flow controlled oscillation problems.
Embodiments of the present invention there is provided a video conferencing, the video resource management method and apparatus.
By the above described method and system, it is possible to ensure that the maximum degree of user equipment receiving an MBMS service continuity.
The uplink scheduling information transmitting method, comprising: in a second carrier on the uplink subframe is determined in the first uplink subframes; a sixth on the first carrier, the downlink subframe is transmitted to a terminal on the second carrier, the first uplink subframes on the corresponding uplink scheduling information; a sixth downlink sub-frame corresponding time before the first upstream subframe.
Using the present invention, is able to modify the HSS/HLR and CS domain between the control network element of the inquiry message.
Said method comprising: receiving a request at a second network, the first network television terminals playing on a television terminal subscribing to the service content; a request message according to the request message to acquire service profiles of the first terminal and the second terminal according to the identity of the first terminal; the service profile and a second terminal to send the identity of the second terminal to the first terminal subscribes to the service content.
The present invention also discloses a plurality of identical path tunnel centrally managed system.
By practicing the invention, according to the network capable of link utilization information to select a light load path.
According to the method comprising: obtaining two of the adjacent two symbols to obtain a channel estimate for the two said adjacent two inter-symbol frequency offset angle; and based on the obtained two adjacent symbols to which the pilot offset angle between the leading symbol for channel estimation, frequency offset compensation; wherein said frequency offset compensation on the pilot offset angle is in addition to the sign of the outer subframe 1 0 for the other symbols of the frequency offset compensation.
Method comprising: service server to the connected mobile terminal to transmit a page of information, the page information required to report the location information included in a tag; the mobile terminal receives a page from the parsed information to give to report the location information is required after the tag acquires location information of itself, and the acquired location information is reported to the service server.
The present embodiments provide a reconfiguration of the method, the radio network controller and the terminal
The method comprising: subjecting the complaint button of the user of the phone abnormal 费话 single basis, wherein the snap fastener includes a plurality of single 费话; billing record according to the predetermined rule, a billing record is introduced into a plurality of fastener database; in the database, the clasp defines multiple phone abnormalities in the billing record button of a billing record.
The present invention discloses a multimedia conference member implementation of messaging method, system and apparatus involve the participation of the multimedia conferencing services, an application server and a plurality of clients.
The prior art are solved by the present invention in conference access due to the need to change the type of terminal requires an additional were reestablished conference effect caused by the user experience problems, which in turn may enhance the user's experience, extends the range of applicability of a multimedia conference.
Embodiments of the present invention provides a method for cross talk analysis circuit, a method and apparatus.
The resource allocation method comprising: a network side of a user equipment (UE), the allocation of resources comprises allocating resources for transmitting the SRS resources, i.e., resources, wherein SRS CoMPUE SRS is allocated to a resource and the SRS orthogonal resource allocation CoMPUE; the network side will inform the resource allocation results to the UE.
The increase in area according to transmit information to the mobile terminal user, the fineness of the effect of increasing the delivery information.
Based on this circuit, power management chip detecting zero state of the charger, and generates a corresponding interrupt request.
The antenna of the present invention is directly inscribed on a circuit board, or by welding, cable or the like, connect the antenna is connected to the circuit board, and the antenna is manufactured separately omission of the stent, the open mold et al., reducing the cost and reduces costs project expenses; best satisfies the required design of the wireless terminal.
The monopole radiation (1) and said gap (5) required to meet both the size of the field amplitude of radiation in the same conditions.
The present invention provides an optical network system, the optical network unit of the data communication method, and an optical network system.
The present invention corrects the delay difference technique capable of resolving the timing synchronization deviation between the AP and the channel delay difference between the delay difference of the accumulated effect create problems, thereby improving system performance and spectral efficiency.
The present invention enables the main called parties for media negotiation is performed at the same time as the inversion of the multimedia stream, thereby being capable of charging the negotiation was reversed charging for the multimedia stream, thereby extends the inversion of the billing applications, it is convenient for the master to the called parties negotiate charging an inversion of the multimedia stream.
Each collaboration cell further comprises: receiving the cooperative control information; and according to the control information, the pair of cooperating downstream collaboration multicast transmission is required to process data, and to use the cooperative control information indicating the physical resources, the UE transmits the processed data.
The present invention discloses a method and device are ISDN service processing.
The present invention provides a method of interaction between cells and system information.
The signal transfer point of circuit board via the surrounding metal coating.
With respect to the ideal, as well as the maximum likelihood algorithm, which algorithm Turbo-SIC 算算 process performance has been close to ideal algorithm, the complexity is easy to implement.
The electromagnetic wave through the material after a polarization converter, the two orthogonal components having a front of different phase difference to the incident/\ θ, thereby achieving the above the mutual electromagnetic polarization conversion.
The present invention is implemented using a networked terminal capable of direct communication.
The method comprising: sending a first transmission resource request; receiving a first transmission resource request response, said first transmission resource request response indicating carried in the first transmission resources, and using the first transmission resource to transmit a second transmission resource request, receiving a second transmission resource request response, said second transmission resource request response indicating carried in the second transmission resources, and using the second transmission resource for transmitting data.
Wherein the method comprises: receiving the eNBs UE transmits an RRC connection request message; eNB to the UE transmits an RRC connection setup message, the RRC connection setup message includes a HARQ maximum number of retransmissions and SRI maximum transmission number, and the HARQ maximum retransmission number is less than the maximum transmission number SRI.
Embodiments of the present invention is mainly used for signal transmission in the processing.
The invention relates to a wideband communication apparatus, in particular a 35 kV voltage level based on the distance of the line broadband high-speed power line communication device.
The present invention provides a substrate structure comprising: a positioned opposite to the first substrate and the second substrate.
The present invention discloses a method and system ESADI processing, may be involved in RBridge ESADI protocol would indicate that the parameter information is encapsulated in the protocol frames ESADI from the protocol frame, and the load of the LSP ESADI example belongs to delete a VLAN information encapsulated re-distribution of completion of the protocol frames.
The present invention is implemented in real time, an instant messaging client according to the message text and font identification corresponding personalized font file configuration information, the dynamic synthesis personalized font, without consuming the local memory.
By the above described method and system can be achieved at a high level, a long term evolution of the system after introducing the multipoint cooperative transmission techniques to multiple eNode Bs, relates to the establishment of a traffic channel and data transfers.
In the prior art to address the PH information exists only for the uplink subframe to report the polymerization while the terminal is the configuration of a plurality of cells and activated with different TDDUL/DL configuration, the existing PHR mechanism is not favorable for subsequent scheduling problem.
The second resistor has a value greater than the value of the audiovisual terminals within the opposing mic terminals and is less than the internal resistance of the value.
Embodiments of the present invention used in a digital communication system, is bound at the transmitting end to the receiving end by transmission of the data channel is achieved when the far-end crosstalk between the channels depletion.
The present invention discloses a dual polarized broadband radiation unit, comprising: a metal reflecting plate, is mounted on the metal on the reflecting plate is not balanced to unbalanced fed with the connector, the connector is balanced to unbalanced fed and mounting of the connecting element is not balanced to unbalanced fed at the top of the arc shape of the two pairs of connector arms radiating elements radiating elements, said two pairs of arcuate configuration arm lies in the same plane.
The present invention provides a transmission block is a cyclic redundancy check method and apparatus.
Embodiments of the present invention reduces the tunnel encapsulation additional bandwidth associated with the single packet, thereby reducing the bandwidth of the prior art are avoided, because of the single packet is large, the additional bandwidth for the user to access the bandwidth requirements of the proposed higher, some reduction in a use experience for the user and the service access capability of the problem.
A cavity filter comprising a cavity, the cover plate, signal transmission elastic metal rod, the nut and washer.
The present invention discloses a method of processing a service flow.
The present invention discloses a radio frequency bypass switching control method, system, and a radio frequency controller.
The method includes: a source host base station determines from the wireless relay node handover into the target host base station; a source host base station sends the wireless relay node 所辖 user equipment of the context information to the target host base station, wherein a user of the wireless relay node 所辖 context information of the device is the source host base station previously acquired from the radio relay nodes.
The present invention relates to communication technology, there is disclosed a data management method and apparatus for solving the prior data management technique results in the operator's customer churn problems.
The present invention provides an intra prediction method, comprising: obtaining a prediction of the current block, as well as the direction of the current block to obtain a first reference edge and the second reference edge; a reference pixel in the current block according to a first reference edge and the second reference edge of the reference pixel in the prediction direction, as well as to prediction of the current block.
The intermediate continuous change canceling the first medium and the second medium impedance discontinuity between the electromagnetic wave, thereby eliminating when subjected to different media interface reflection phenomenon, as well as portions of the electromagnetic wave energy loss problem.
The SD card, comprising a wireless communication module,
The technical solution according to the invention are suitable for light transmission device.
A method of switching an enhanced path, a host base station and a relay node RN apparatus.
The present invention discloses a laser projection light source module and a projector.
Aspects of the present invention, in particular for the data a plurality of machine type communication MTC terminal management, not only ensures that the MTC terminal to report the completion data in time, also greatly saves these terminal of electrical power.
The present invention for simplifying fail-over, greatly enhancing the flow of switching efficiency.
Embodiments of the present invention discloses a method and apparatus for transmitting a signal in a simple method, it is possible to achieve effective to suppress out-of-band interference.
The power supply means comprises a power converter and the regulator. The power converter comprises a primary side MOSFET (Q1), the secondary side MOSFET (Q2) and a transformer (113).
The client, respectively, via the communications server with the query server and the global server connected by a communication server queries the server with the global server, the query server is connected to a control server is connected.
The present invention is able to provide the does not know the email address of the recipient of the e-mail and sending anonymous stranger may provide the user with a service confide private recessive topic.
The present invention will itself through a wireless relay node 所辖 of context information of the user equipment to the target host base station so as to cause the target host base station may also be a context according to user equipment performing admission control admission control, thus ensuring the accuracy of the results.
By the invention improves the signal to noise ratio of the synthesized signal and the resource utilization.
The present invention discloses a multiple input multiple output of multi-user scheduling method.
The present invention discloses a spectrum using resource sharing, a method and a system for solving an existing wireless communication systems are not shared with other wireless communication techniques spectrum resources, the spectral resource utilization is low technical problem.
In the uplink the single-user FDD system using multiple paths in the transport streams, achieves beam-rows of multiple stream transmission, by the subscriber terminal and the FDD system throughput.
It also has a substrate (101) and the anode layer (103) between the buffer layer (102); an anode layer (103) is a layered composite structure, the layered composite structure of ZnS/Ag/ MoO
The present invention can be easily and quickly the ordinary video files or general stereoscopic video into a set-form stereoscopic video and displayed through the Internet, thereby achieving the purpose of watching stereoscopic video.
The present invention achieves the office network management device to the home gateway device xPON under various applications of the terminal equipment for effective unified management and control.
A determination of the channel quality indication method and system, comprising: a transmitting end to the receiving end, the receiving end to transmit a pilot signal on the pilot signal carrying a sub-band channel measurements are made, the resulting after the sub-band channel quality indication back to the transmitting end.
A demodulated pilot physical resource block binding to demodulate, relates to a method and system for an LTE technical field.
A network fuzzy shopping implementation of method and system.
The present invention incorporates a bridge device for all network device MAC address with the MAC address of the bridge device consistent 新思路.
The present invention discloses a color ring tone enabling multimedia service method and system.
The present invention provides a decoding reliability determining method and apparatus.
A method for communicating the signal comprising one of the feeding section, two mutually mirror to a mirror radiation and is spaced apart from the first line of the structure, and a linking the first radiant et al. structure of the second radiating structure.
Because the two antennas of the antenna radiating patches are in different planes and as far from the.
The LED constant current drive circuit is based on a programmable device is completed, the structure is simple, applications, especially in flexible, 功能齐全 have great advantages over the cost price.
Said method comprising: enabling a first mode and the second mode to the first mode is performed; the service using the service, it is judged whether or not the frequency band for the first frequency band; such as it is judged that the use of the service is in the first band, the second mode is carried out when the traffic reports to the network side is not supported in the terminal capability information of the second frequency band.
The signal amplification circuit and amplified output signal, the method is effective to improve the overall circuit output, more suited to address the problem of a high pressure high bandwidth signal is amplified.
The process of the invention, the EAB independently processed and combined with the new EAB parameters, solves a number is not sensitive to delay or lower priority service or access to the network terminal is simultaneously possible impact of the system associated with the problem.
The terminal equipment of a communication frame according to the current configuration information frame structure, it is known that the structure of the current communication frames and frames long.
The present invention discloses a click on a dial-up service is implemented in a broadcast of a group call method and system for solving conventional CTD services incapable of implementing group call, the called party does not support multiple logical functions of the broadcast, etc. technical problem.
The MCE starts MBMS counting procedure may be initiated when the counting result of the corresponding standby unit in an MCE; if the counting result is still not received the standby unit upon expiration of the counting result of the base station to report the current count, then the process is ended.
Have a high strength, thermal shutdown, resistant to high temperatures, good wicking swelling and compression spring, may be applied to the high security, long cycle life of the lithium ion kinetic battery.
According to the present invention can ensure that the PDCP uplink message or to the PDCP uplink forwarding messages are capable of successfully delivered to the upper layer.
The present embodiments provide a user device context related resources release method and apparatus.
The present embodiments provide a method of sending data and the gateway device.
To prevent the illegal copying and theft protection of the SIM, the benefit of the user or operator.
The system configuration of the device of the present invention comprises the configuration server, gateway and a terminal device.
Compared to the prior art, the present invention allows the service data bandwidth extension, and allows access to access delay is shortened, saving the user access delay, reducing the waste of radio resources, and improves the quality of the serving access and access to the bandwidth utilization.
The method comprises: base station receiving UE report data of the radio link failure RLF; base station after receiving RLF data collection entity TCE, looking for tracking address; the base station sends the received RLF data to the TCE address corresponding to a TCE of the node.
The present invention discloses a timing advance value based on a plurality of upstream of a random access method and apparatus.
A highly conductive heat dissipating light emitting device and its method of manufacture.
The apparatus comprises: a monitoring module and the splitter module.
This method includes: a terminal from a network side equipment receives an Unstructured Supplementary Data (USSD) service response message, saves this response message after the information, that is, in response to the message information.
The first cell handover method comprising: at a handover preparation process, the source base station indicating the switching node is determined to carry a relay node; the source base station transmits information indicating switching node is carrying of the trunk node information to the target base station.
The present invention discloses a Link Aggregation routing method and apparatus.
A hybrid power amplifier comprises a multi-carrier power amplifier circuit and the peak power amplifier circuit.
The present invention discloses a processing enhanced dedicated transport channel (E-DCH) method and system.
The present invention provides an artificial magnetic material, said artificial electromagnetic material comprises at least one material layer, each of the material layers has disposed toward one of the first substrate and the second substrate facing the first substrate, the second substrate surface has attached thereto a plurality of artificial microstructures.
The present invention proposes a digital mobile network alliance content, a method and apparatus.
The present invention enables the UE supports the multicarrier case is explicitly indicated, is greatly facilitated by the network side of a carrier configured to the UE, enhancing the system side of a subcarrier utilization efficiency.
In addition, the present invention further increases the carbon copy of the short message with a blind courtesy copy function.
As is known, to solve the dynamic IP address corresponds to a server load state of the problem, implements a network of dynamic load balancing.
In addition, the present invention does not need to have been designed and shaped antenna, a circuit structure and significant change can be made to save space.
The present invention can be in the actual operation provides a unified for different service on the basis of a license management server blade, taking into account the traffic load bearing capacity of the corresponding service as well as the operation of a reasonable, high efficiency, using a blade server resources, which in turn is able to better development of every service, the maximum degree of resources using a grant.
The present invention media message processing method, system and apparatus in increasing media message, improves the security of the encryption and decryption speed, improving the user experience.
Mobile terminal by means of the present invention reduces the number of antennas, enhances the performance of the system, to improve the user experience.
The present invention discloses a near field communication terminal, a near field communication establishment method and the data transfer method.
The present invention discloses a discontinuous reception method, comprising: a user equipment according to the network side indication, in a continuous receiving state of at least one of the shield OnDurationTimer duration timer is started.
Thus, it is possible to lift at high speed with a communication scenario, through a universal on-board processing module to perform the 多制式 data transmission.
By the present method and apparatus that implements a fully functional, structural simplicity, easy to implement and expansion of the signaling format, suitable for use in a newly defined in the short-range radio communication system.
The present invention is independent from the terminal, the terminal does not need to support transmission of the message, now referring web ability of various types of terminals are operable to switch the call; may be bound to a user of the call, it is also possible to switch to the assigned user.
The present invention discloses a mobile network retrieves the IMS control point information of a method and system.
By the above described method and system, capable of reducing unnecessary in the network management message transmission, for detecting anomalies in the case of cluster link in a manner that avoids unified announcement management layer, each detection management entity sets both print the same warning, reduces the burden on the device.
The cluster, the cluster master to the cluster system comprises a master device for cluster 主控板 主控板.
The present invention discloses a communication system and method of interaction information.
In the mobile phone side of the SIM card is locked, and the need for the secondary on a SIM card or forwards the short message to reply, then the present invention on the SIM card can pass through the main secondary SIM card from the received information to the processing in time, greatly facilitates the use of the user.
By application of an embodiment of the invention, techniques described for the terminal equipment of the base station in the buffer size is smaller than the rate matcher buffer size in the case of a terminal device, it is proposed that the encoded block is decoded in the case of a failure in the buffer, the encoding block bit storage scheme.
The present invention discloses an FM antenna implementation means.
In the present invention the lateral root data network configuration of the PRS position reference signals to configure certain channels or signals, or the network lateral root data certain channel or signal is configured by the configuration of the location reference signal; receiving side data network side down to correctly identify the configuration information of the length of the cyclic prefix, thus precisely measured and accurately receive the network side sends a channel or a signal.
S4. a busbar according to the selected prediction value, the voltage of the node, the calculation is carried out after the AVC AVC selected bus node voltage adjustment value;
The present invention discloses a relaying system for overload control method, comprising: receiving the DeNB network side sends the RN offload message or an overload initiation message itself after the offload policy configured according to unload the access to the RN of the user equipment UE.
The present invention discloses a method and device of the storage nodes, belonging to the Internet communications arts.
The invention relates to a grid architecture based on the formula intelligent network of a plug and play the real experiment aqueous system.
Furthermore, there is no need to be performed for each ONU service configuration of a residential gateway, reducing the cost of operation of the service.
The present invention saves the USSD service information by providing a solution to the USSD service, thus solving the following a single time period sensitive item of information associated with the volatile defect that facilitates a user past the USSD service information for a query, increase the utility of the USSD service to facilitate spreading of a USSD application and service promotions.
Embodiments of the present invention provides for a hybrid network solutions can be fully utilized two system antenna receives the same terminal of one duplex mode, and the signal is processed by a baseband signal in combination with the combining gain, the signal is obtained, raising the overall characteristic.
The present invention discloses a method of synergistically office information sharing.
The present invention relates to a communication network data transmission method, node and system.
The present invention provides a multicast method and multicast device.
The main chip for digital television terminal to the received encrypted streaming media is decrypted by the decrypting and decoding a streaming media obtained after the audiovisual data, and outputs the audiovisual data.
The present invention discloses a clique intelligent services implemented method.
The present invention may be determined by mobile terminal when a voice call is set up between the TFO, so that the length of time required to understand the operation and performance of the TFO provides assistance, and it is possible to improve the situation according to known to the mobile terminal when a voice call is made between the speech quality.
The present invention may allow the user terminal to the roaming location, regardless of what the ASN can be carried out according to the billing rate correct charging.
Embodiments of the present invention also discloses that the corresponding device and system.
The present invention discloses an LED lamp control circuit.
The storage means arranged to store terminal of a movement pattern of the corresponding relationship with the shortcut.
A WLAN and LTE heterogenous network based on fusion link performance sensing method, based on a wireless local area network WLAN and long term evolution LTE heterogenous network design by fusion.
At the same time is able to improve the permeability of the material the absolute value of the negative under specific conditions, in order to meet the requirements of the negative permeability value.
According to embodiments of the present invention, it is possible to meet the requirements of a large number of terminals access.
The function of the maximum number of restriction entries are able to effectively prevent the user from malicious attacks the creation of a new IPv6 address that is constantly neighbor discovery interception mechanism.
The present invention can be carried out to monitor the scene, the whole image analysis process does reduce false positives and false negatives.
The present invention provides a message in the course of the automatic detection method of preventing dithering apparatus and a network element.
A three-phase 48 pulses rectified by the transformer, and the two valve side output winding is phase shifted 24 pulse rectifier transformer.
The present invention is that when transmitting data to a terminal, the terminal may be apprised of the correct position information, the terminal or to end the access gateway does not require prior to maintain the connection information corresponding to the correspondent network.
Wherein the method comprises: a narrowband network if it is determined in the call flow for the narrowband network the user is required to carry out a broadband playback, then the called number is translated into a broadband playback access code, then the call is routed to the broadband network; and the call is delivered to the broadband network, said broadband playback after according to the narrowband network access code to the user for playback.
The present invention also discloses a multipath beamforming implementation of the UE.
The present invention provides an alert message and the display method of the mobile terminal, the method comprising: displaying the received various types of alert message is classified according to a contact in the contact as units; the alert message is displayed.
The present invention enables a prior art display device with no changes to existing hardware structure for the premise, the user may conveniently be the mobile terminal from the cell phone, etc. the sharing of data on a display device.
The present invention can be kept to be resident in the multimode terminal system is heterologous to the various service capabilities of the TD-SCDMA system.
The present invention can ensure that the image of the shooting out clearly increased user experience.
The present invention also provides a seed frame proportioning device.
Each of the radio frequency antenna comprises a monopole feed metal sheets and.
There is also provided a log record management system.
In the embodiment of the present invention there is provided a connection is established between the base stations of X2, a method comprising: a base station via a self configuring network SON receiver acquires the neighbor base station. the base station of the cell identification based on the cell identity, acquiring neighboring base station address information; the neighbor base stations, the base station according to the address information of the neighboring base station with the established between X2 is connected.
Given the FDD technique is employed for use in a communication system using a plurality of uplink data transmission path to a beamforming scheme.
Moreover, during the emergency event occurs, the EAB applicable terminal with the appropriate control, the avoidance of such terminal 毫无顾忌 direct access system, reducing the delay in the process when the emergency event system is congested.
Disclosed is a control information transmission and reception method, system, and the base station, the terminal by prior art techniques to resolve the scheme provided in the presence of the UE by the interference of the received control information of the cell providing the efficiency and high reliability is not a problem.
Devices and circuits. The device comprises a device charging interface (20), a base charging interface (30), a charging circuit (40), and a charging interface automatic switching means (10).
By the present invention, can effectively resolve DSNVoIP service in the service node failures in the system due to the generated session protection problem.
The present invention discloses a method for rapid verification International Mobile Equipment Identity IMEI method.
The method and apparatus improves the efficiency of the cooperating cell is selected, a reduction of the UE and the network on interaction of improving system throughput, to achieve the desired purpose.
The new node according to the session state of the terminal, the subsequent message is forwarded to the primary node.
The present application discloses a method of implementation of the network to talk to provide for efficient use of a Bluetooth headset, while improving the 便捷性 Qchat services, using the convenience of the user.
Embodiments of the present invention can meet the Internet exchange needs a higher flow rate.
Mutations of the present invention avoids signal, implementing the echo and the echo when switching between a smooth transition.
The SD card holder comprises a substrate and a metal terminal.
When abnormalities in the GPS signal according to the auxiliary reference clock signal generating the local clock synchronization signal, thus solving the GPS receiver in the case of a lost PP1S interrupt how to perform clock synchronization problems in the communication system, thereby improving the reliability of the clock synchronization.
The present invention may be the secondary on a SIM card data is copied into the handset phonebook, etc., or the handset's main on the SIM card, very good resolution due to the SIM card, the user cannot be locked on the SIM card through a secondary dial telephone or a phone book of the problem of short messages are transmitted.
The solution of the invention can be sent in parallel sets of pulse sequences are processed at the same time, the sets of signal related to increase processing efficiency.
The present invention also discloses a method for determining a suspend a multimedia broadcast multicast service of the rehabilitation device, and user equipment.
The present embodiments provide a low-density parity check code and a coding method and apparatus relate to the field of communications.
The present invention discloses a Ethernet node detects frame provided a method and system for time-out period.
The present invention also provides a narrowband traffic control broadband sound reproduction system.
The invention also provides a system based on multiple cooperative handover.
Comprising the steps of: acquiring a video of the receiving end video window size changes according to the change command instructions; generating coded change signaling; introducing the coding change signaling is transmitted to the video transmitting end; said video transmitted and received according to the coding change signaling real-time modification of the coding parameters of the coder.
The present invention discloses a method and system is attached to the user, the user may be determined to be withdrawn from the connected state, a user initiated directly against the attachment.
By the present invention is fused at the access network element in a service gateway function, a packet data gateway function and the mobility management entity function, simplifying the LTE system architecture of a home access network, reducing the overhead and delay.
The present invention discloses a terminal batch upgrade, a method and a system suitable for use with a plurality of terminal IP address are the same.
A speaker sound holes located at the sides of the cover, the receiving chamber is located on a rear portion of the main body.
A network flow of long-term prediction method and apparatus.
The present invention also discloses a delay scheduling system.
A method and system of the present invention is employed, it is achieved that the angle from the baseband processing to solve the uplink control.
Comprising: after receiving the terminal after the header of the message, it is judged whether or not the source network identifier of the terminal as an IPv6 address, and if not, is provided for the terminal identification code, the terminal generates a destination network agent identification, the terminal is set up with the identification number of the destination network proxy identification of a mapping relation information.
Embodiments of the present invention relates to the field of wireless communication technology, more particularly, to a method and apparatus for power control in the same symbol, for simultaneous transmission of a plurality of uplink carrier within a plurality of SRS, and a plurality of upstream carrier on the transmit power of the multiple SRS exceeds the sum of the maximum transmission power of the UE is performed when the power control.
The present invention discloses a method of implementing a service processing system, are available and when it is judged that the current CSG does not allow the terminal to establish a connection to the APN, the situation is notified to the terminal.
The present invention controls the uplink closed-loop transmit diversity technique, to ensure that the user equipment is configured with the case of the dedicated channel can be activated/deactivated upstream of closed loop transmit diversity.
The present invention provides a technical scheme described above, the network elements can be achieved with the apparatus according to the License Control Server for connection of a flexible License Management effect.
The system and method, when encountering natural disasters, improves the security of the nuclear power plant.
The invention relates to a switch and its method of formation.
The present invention discloses a super cell in combination with upstream data processing method and system.
The present invention accordingly also discloses a power control device, the device comprising: providing a module, a decision block and a power control module.
The process of the invention is improved by cooperation of the SRS from each base station in the set of channel estimates, so that the quality of the base station can utilize the channel cross 易性来 obtains a downlink channel information of the UE, greatly reduces the amount of feedback.
Engraved on said sheet metal having metallic microstructures.
The present invention is satisfied by the various television, a portable phone, a television data card and the SIM card to the television terminal needs of the parental lock function while accounting for the safety of the conventional password parental lock which is relatively low in question.
Source RAN includes a determination module and a transmit module.
Using the present invention solves the technical solution, kept free from the drive data card because there is no voice data channel voice functions and could not be kept free from the problem of increased drive data card, a competitive products, while reducing the hardware cost.
The present invention discloses a base station power saving information delivery methods.
The present invention discloses an antenna, the antenna device and a wireless terminal.
The present invention provides a based on a conditional access (CA) art terminal.
In addition, the structure of which is simple, easy to and other circuit or system is connected, to make easy, low-cost, is expected to be a promising, and achieving a good economic efficiency.
In the VP in via the network node forwards the trigger information to the user equipment.
The technical solution provided by the present invention, to solve the handset to the television program and the new message is not achieve both problems, the user can watch television handset in a simultaneous view of a new short message or value.
Embodiments of the present invention also provides a corresponding device and system.
The present invention discloses a multicell precoding implementation of the method and apparatus according to the user area may be divided into a central user and edge to the center of the user, user and divided edge users employ different pre-coding method for processing.
The present invention provides a user information sharing of instant messaging system and method.
The antenna volume is small, simple, designed to facilitate the manufacturing process is flexible and may be mass produced.
Thus facilitating transmission opportunity Holder link adaptation is performed so as to be able to significantly increase the throughput of the system.
In the present invention, the size of the antenna is much smaller, occupied area is small and has good performance, particularly for use in an ultra-thin body styles internal antenna of the mobile terminal.
The present invention discloses a passive optical network, the home gateway functions implemented in the method and apparatus, comprising: an optical line terminal located in the virtual remote gateway, the virtual remote gateway is connected to the optical network unit, a terminal apparatus of the optical network unit is configured for assigning public address, the address and the private network implementing the message forwarding.
The present invention can avoid waits until the user removes the battery powered off when damage is caused by the system, the user can, in turn, to avoid false shutdown and reduce latency effects, thereby providing the user a selectable one of the new route has been turned off.
The present invention discloses a cooperative communication transmission method.
The present invention provides a bearer of a processing method and apparatus.
With the present embodiment, by using the resource block with respect to a reference slot portion is constructed of a resource block difference information indicative of differences, greatly reducing the signalling overhead.
In the embodiment of the present invention, since the computer need only be stored according to a local record of the location of the user to establish an attribute to the location record number look-up table according to a query request, then the time, location attribute which is able to achieve the desired result, the number of users that can take the prior art are overcome deficiencies of significant computational resources in the computer.
The power saving method comprising: for a digital subscriber line office equipment is in the active state on all ports of the traffic flow of polling the first period of time, the traffic flow does not exceed a first predefined threshold for port to enter the low power consumption state.
The present invention provides a terminal/downlink HARQ ACK/NACK information scheduling method and apparatus.
The present invention achieves the convective media resource information sharing in real time.
The test device of the present invention solves the test wireless network channel simulation results of a simulation system reliability problems.
Aspects of the present invention is: the BTS acquisition to stream throughput, the DRC value and carrier sector load information, the BSC according to the above information is calculated by the logic flow of the metric value of each carrier, and logical ratio logic according to the metric value than the distribution logic flow to the respective carrier.
The present invention discloses a binding digital subscriber line channel signal processing methods, devices and systems, relates to the field of communications, the depletion is tied to the distal end of the inter-channel crosstalk.
The waterproof electronic device comprising: a housing, is arranged inside the housing of the acoustic device (30) and at least one blind passage (20), said blind passage (20) is open to said housing, said acoustic device (30) is mounted in the blind passage (20) at the bottom.
The use of the present methods can improve the accuracy of the RNTP indication, and to reduce the amount of work performed OAM, increasing efficiency.
By analyzing the scheme where the probability distribution of the element of grammar rules and the code table, the code words ranked in order to design rules according to the code word of the code words in the code table is calculated, the order index for the code table is indexed in the order of the syntax elements, thereby achieving a fast decoding.
The mobile communication system and a packet network method, a wireless local area network by the MME access to the core network, a wireless local area network by the MME is controlled and managed by the user of the wireless local area network that enables the user to can be controlled within the tube.
The present invention discloses a radio link failure processing method and device, the method comprising: a network side of a preset first cycle by requesting the terminal to transmit the uplink signal, and performs a first signal quality detection.
The present invention discloses the inter-species fusion address book service processing method and apparatus.
Solving for the FDD system with a TDD system, the frequency band of the interference between the FDD and TDD system implementing co-existence and are able to take full advantage of spectrum resources, ensuring a high utilization of the spectrum resources, saving resources.
The present invention discloses a SIM card SIM card, the protection device is fixed on the SIM card of the mobile terminal in the card holder, so that it cannot be normally removed.
The mobile terminal may be provided by the present invention according to different requirements of the mobile terminal user and environmental changes with change in color and odor, personalized very strong, is simple to operate.
The present invention also discloses a terminal access control adjustment system, comprising a network side and the UE, wherein, for the network side, the measurement can be performed rapidly ANR is in the state of the UE sends the ANR measurement configuration parameters; UE for in dependence of said ANR measurement configuration parameters of the unknown neighbor cell is performed on the ANR measurements.
The method comprising: streaming media server sends a media stream, which carries the media packet size adaptation information; media forwarding server receiving the media stream, based on the received media stream to a media packet size adapting information for the media flow, the packet size adaptation processing; the media forwarding server forwards the packet size adaptation of the processed media stream.
The present invention may achieve absolute average flow, thereby increasing the message forwarding performance.
The present invention provides a frequency deviation of the multimode terminal treatment method and apparatus.
By means of the present invention may be implemented by the network management system NMS for flexible configuration data of the base station.
The method comprises: if the monitor to a short message center, then congestion occurs according to a predetermined particle size for the monitoring shunt strategy, subsequent to the short message center within the handset is shunted to play a call message.
A hybrid automatic retransmission processing methods, systems, and devices.
An embodiment of the invention method comprising: sampling the analog signal to obtain the analog sample values; converting the analog sample values obtained for analog to digital conversion to a digital signal in the digital signal is resolved to give the bits of at least two bit groups; if the preset shutdown condition is satisfied, then turning off the at least one output of the bits in the bit groups.
This application also discloses a device for implementing the method.
The present invention enables to digital television to human data acquisition.
The technical solution according to the present invention, it is possible to provide efficient implementation of a distributed base station certain specific applications, to increase the reliability of the network of distributed stations.
A user terminal an identification method and apparatus.
The present invention relates to lock and unlock the web in the system technology.
Embodiments of the present invention relates to the field of network management techniques, and more particularly to a method of collecting performance data, a device and a network management system, it is possible to reduce the development and maintenance of data acquisition apparatus of workload.
Embodiments of the present invention discloses a wireless terminal, comprising: a PCB board with a PCB board connection, and an antenna and a USB interface, wherein, on at least one of said PCB board is provided to the external peripheral face suspended and not grounded metal layer.
The base station may avoid the DHCP server obtains the IP parameters directly from the OMC, thereby simplifying the IP configuration scheme, the base station increases the efficiency of the process flow configuration is performed, which reduces the complexity of the configuration process is performed.
The present invention discloses a data transmission method and apparatus.
The present application discloses a interference cancellation processing method and apparatus, comprising: a on the same time-frequency resources occupied for a plurality of data stream signal transmission, it is determined that the data stream signal cyclic redundancy check information; according to cyclic redundancy check parity information determines the detection performance is good data stream signal; the detection performance is good data stream signal is reconstructed and subtracted from the received signal is the reconstructed data stream signal.
The present invention discloses a service adaptation methods, devices and systems.
The system comprises a plurality of clients and a communication server.
The present invention provides a solution to the solutions described above, the related art, remote maintenance scheme, the base station is costly, poor safety problems, and thus achieves improved system fault tolerance and fault response speed, the effect of reducing the base station maintenance costs, while enhancing the user's satisfaction.
A frequency is adjusted based on the IEEE 1588 protocol, a method and a network device.
The present invention also provides a system for setting up a traffic bearer.
A cooperative based on multiple transmission and reception techniques to an admission control method and a CoMP cell base stations.
The technical solution according to the present invention, when the terminal environment changes, it is able to ensure the continuity of the service used by the user, the user is provided the best service experience.
The impedance matching element is disposed between the first medium and the second medium, is constituted by a plurality of functional layers.
The related art, the present invention deals with the AS fails to support SMS function is not a problem of MTC terminal communicating with the AS may not supporting SMS function of MTC terminal communication, which undergoes a certain service, for example, obtaining the terminal status, or activation of the terminal.
The present invention discloses a network flow determination method, device, and the network device, the method is effected by obtaining statistical period at each interface within each acquisition time of the forward data rate and the acquisition of the data transfer rate is stored into the storage space in the storage space is saved in accordance with each of the determined forward data rate and the interface of the network traffic.
The present invention discloses a HARQ-ACK in a time division duplex system of an answering message transmission method, and a user terminal for use in a TDD system, the UE PUCCH format 1 b is used in combination with the channel selection in the manner of the serving cell and the respective downlink feedback downlink sub-frame of a HARQ-ACK response message.
The present invention provides a separation of the electromagnetic beam, the meta-material of meta-material substrate with attached on two artificial microstructures.
Using the invention to improve the user experience of the MBMS service.
By the present invention during acquisition of the sequence number in the delay, the acquired once equalization is shortened by a computing system, whereby the time delay equalization is accelerated by the ONU activation process, thus reducing the activation process on the influence of the ONU's service.
The present invention discloses a home network interconnection protocol access LIPA connected processing method and apparatus, the method comprising: acquiring the network side of the user device the information connected LIPA; said network side according to the preferences of said user equipment information corresponding to said LIPA connection for processing.
A second substrate may be used as support functions as a substrate, a first substrate made directly to the substrate of the device.
The invention may be compatible with the existing data bearer network and the Internet, to achieve a smooth transition in the construction of the next generation of the network.
The present invention by the source host base station sends the wireless relay node 所辖 user equipment of the context information to the target host base station so as to cause the target host base station may also be a context according to user equipment performing admission control admission control, thus ensuring the accuracy of the results.
The network side comprises a home subscriber server or the home location register, a mobility management unit and a base station.
The present invention provides a License management method and apparatus.
The present invention discloses a method and apparatus for load control.
The method comprises: an access device to access the user equipment (UE) device of the type information; said access network based on said type information as well as the UE determines the load condition of the admission control means; said access network apparatus according to the admission control means to control the UE to the access network.
The present invention discloses a multiple input multiple output (MIMO) antenna off-channel mode field reconstruction method.
Embodiments of the present invention there is provided a method for access to the mobile network and device, and user equipment.
The invention is directed to mobile communication systems, there is often an illegal copy, and stealing SIM, a phenomenon associated with the active defense and dynamic management concept.
The present invention provides a multicast performance analysis method and system.
A mobile terminal implementing the method of location services, comprising: a mobile terminal to a service, the terminal sends a location based service (LBS) service request, the service terminal according to the type of the LBS service request, and performs the corresponding processing to return the processing result to the mobile terminal.
The method comprises: receiving a user message; transmitting the user message is converted to a source MAC address of the virtual MAC address, and the user message depending on the destination MAC address of the user of the converted message forwarded out.
Embodiments of the present invention discloses a call accounting method, a service control device and the call control system for avoiding the account balance of the user when the user is low, since the previous call to be reserved monetary amount after a call cannot be occupied while previous deducting the cost for the call.
The present invention discloses a method and apparatus, the device switches belonging to the mobile communication applications.
The method avoids redundant cell and the occurrence of redundant signaling and thereby avoiding redundant operation.
A method for an access to a wireless network, comprising: in any one subchannel is transmitted to a central Access Point CAP using random access sequence; the CAP according to the random access sequence of uplink transmission resources allocated to the CAP transmits a random access request, and to receive a random access of the CAP is sent in response.
This scheme utilizes the component encoders are encoded in such a way that each encoder codec delay within certain limits, increasing encoding processing speed, high rate convolutional encoder for solving the problem of the delay.
Using the present invention, there is provided a technique for determining the effective acquisition QoE key performance indicators method.
The present invention provides a method for transmitting downlink control messages and means for solving the LTE indoor hotspot coverage scenario how to perform downlink control information transmitting, receiving and monitoring of the problem.
At the same time according to the radio environment to dynamically adjust the reselection parameters since cell level, avoids frequent fluctuations of the problem that occurs frequently reselection, improving wireless communication quality of service and user experience.
The motor shaft, a rotational misalignment between the monomers which form a modular motor as well as the stator assembly biphasic simultaneous electrical excitation.
The present invention discloses a method for sending email messages, and email system belonging to the Internet communications arts.
The first interface through the isolation unit connected to the second interface.
The present invention provides a configuration is a method and system for protecting group.
To compensate for the prior art on the terminal management is insufficient, the terminal is greatly facilitated by the monitoring management.
The present invention also discloses a method for rapid check IMEI of the system, the EIR and CEIR.
The present invention discloses an interactive television image scaling method, device, and a set top box.
The present invention by a working channel and a protection channel optical power difference with a comparison of the relative optical power threshold, the working channel, and the protected channel performance comparison of the protection tunnel, and the working channel power value exceeds a trigger is reached, the working channel to achieve automatic switching of the protection tunnel, thereby allowing the system to achieve an optimum operating performance.
The present invention discloses a mobile terminal in the mobile terminal, to increase the reliability of the metallic member is connected to ground.
Using the techniques of the present invention reduced redundancy scheme, an authorization request status information to a packet-switched network, and ensures that the authorization request that is sent to the latest status information is always generated information, by reducing the redundancy information to avoid any packet-switched network control plane of the congestion information exchange, affecting the network performance.
The present invention also provides for a single antenna dual-mode terminal.
Wherein, the method comprising the steps of: in the calling terminal and the called terminal during the call, the calling terminal is acquired at a designated memory area of the calling terminal subscriber information; the calling terminal by end-to-end signaling message the user information is sent to the called terminal.
The method includes: a terminal, according to the user's selection from the local pre-configured picked in a picture containing a pattern of selected by the user, then a picture according to the user of the selected color, the picture is taken as the background picture to be displayed; wherein the table top, showing the interior of said pattern of color with the picture of other regions in different colors.
The lightly loaded dispersed flow through flow path, the implementation of a dynamic load sharing, prevention or reduction of network congestion.
The present invention solves a headset existing earphone is preferred to be achieved, the playing of the bass, midrange, and treble problems of low cost, and it is receptive to the ordinary consumer.
Embodiments of the present invention in one aspect provides a resource allocation indication methods.
This implementation of the invention is effective to increase the frequency accuracy of the TC device, while reducing cost.
Discloses a JAVA application to a local communication of information in the process and equipment.
The method comprises sending a confirmation indication immediately carried in data frames; the immediate acknowledgment indication as to whether the frame is immediately returned to the acknowledgment response; will immediately acknowledge indication carrying a data frame transmitted.
The technical solution according to the present invention, implementing a mobile broadband device rabbit CM software using a green.
The apparatus comprising: a first port is connected in sequence, a first filter channel, the antenna port, a second filter channel, and the second port.
The present invention relates to the field of communications, and more particularly to techniques for processing a video telephony service method, system and apparatus.
The invention also discloses a MIMO antenna off-channel mode field reconstruction means.
The present invention discloses a PMIPv6 protocol supports IPv6 prefix is allocated, a method and a system for resolving PMIPv6 how to support IPv6 prefix allocated technical problems.
In the manner described above, the present invention enables the pictures directly inside the handset is rotated, the avoidance of an incoming computer user will photograph after the trouble of manually rotated 90 degrees.
The method comprises: the server generating a media message corresponding to the message using the media key, respectively, of the message and the message is encrypted to obtain the first information, the second encryption key for encryption, the encryption information, to give a third transmitting said second, third encryption information.
The method comprises:-a user equipment sends the base station a transmission block carrying the BSR according to whether or not the base station returns; successful reception of the transport block with a Hybrid Automatic Repeat reQuest (HARQ feedback information, determines whether the transport blocks sent by the HARQ failure occurs, when it is determined that a transport block is transmitted when the HARQ failure occurs, trigger a conventional BSR.
One implementation of a network identification conversion method, device, and system, applied to the border gateway.
The present invention also discloses a wireless network for access terminal side of the device and the network side device.
The present invention is applied to the interference management, may improve the efficiency of the handover, to increase system capacity.
Embodiments of the present invention discloses a data transmission method and related apparatus, system.
The application service platform system disposed in the proxy server and cloud computing application service system.
The present invention on the location of the terminal management process can be optimized according to the user's subscription information associated with the network conditions, the flexibility to select location update mode of the terminal.
The method comprises: receiving terminal; the short message sent from the stored business rules for integration service management.
The present invention provides a method for the treatment of a resource request, the user equipment and the communication system.
In accordance with the retransmitted data due to transmit data upstream grants, after the first user equipment to be switched to an inactive state, after arrival at the set time, and/or, in determining the data transmission is successful before the switch to the active state, the user equipment UE, reduces the energy savings in power consumption.
By applying the invention embodiment of the technical solution, the on-board processing module with the backhaul network and an access point in the vehicle cabin is established between the explicit 多制式 data communication mechanism within and the on-board processing module of the data processing mechanism.
The measurement object is a UE operating frequency points, and/or to other than the operating frequency points, the other frequency point; or the UE of the serving cell, and/or neighbor cells.
The charging system is greatly reduced in the battery, the charging time of the diverse applications, suitable for scale-up generalize.
The method comprising: obtaining a binary bit stream; acquiring a first variable; according to the first variant of the range determining the type of the current code word according to the type of the current code word; using the corresponding decoding method for decoding.
The present invention also relates to artificial microstructure having such an artificial electromagnetic material.
Said method comprising: accessing a network link utilization information arrives at the content source; calculating a shortest path and a secondary short path; the link utilization according to the information acquired from the shortest path is selected and secondary short path selected light load path; the flow rate of the flow rate and a selected dispersed into the light path.
Embodiments of the present invention there is provided an information security processing methods and apparatus.
The present application discloses a method of data transmission RLF for implementing RLF data transmission and dump.
The present invention provides a multicast transmission system for a measurement of the cooperating with reference to a signal transmission method and system.
The first substrate has a first surface facing the second surface of the second substrate to the first surface is, in turn, provided with conductor interconnect layer and the bonding layer; said bonding layer between the substrate and the conductors of the first interconnect layer attached to a second substrate.
By the present invention, it is possible to avoid the cumbersome CM installation software, and due to the public network address directly to a host computer configuration, while avoiding the need for completing the NAT function of the wireless communication terminal has relatively high configuration.
By the present invention enhances the handling capacity of the system, to improve the user experience.
The invention ensures that the UE with access to end at the same traffic communication, the forward and reverse message is able to take the same path.
This method can reduce the multicast subscriber to a mobile base station decreases the retransmission request, the retransmission delay, to reduce the number of times of retransmissions, increasing the efficiency of the retransmission, reduces the burden on the mobile base station retransmissions saving a cellular link resources, increasing the availability of radio resources.
The present invention provides a user information processing of instant messaging system and method.
Networking method and system.
To further improve the system performance of the wireless communication system.
The present invention discloses a indicating the control channel, a method and apparatus for indicating the control channel, the method comprising: subjecting an indication indicating the control channel information processing for channelization, wherein the control channel is a newly added control channel region on the PDSCH resources or tunneling of a new control information is transmitted on a control channel a resource; the treated indication information to the UE.
The present invention also discloses a UE and a base station.
The present invention discloses a dynamic building networking, relates to methods and apparatus for communications art, it is possible to scale up network management simple, increased use environment.
Based on the local node and a service node of a network resource status between the dynamic adjustment of the transmission level slicing, to ensure that the file size of the transmission performance of the distribution system that can be adapted to change the network bandwidth, thereby increasing the efficiency of the data transmission file distribution system, broadening the scope of application.
The present invention relates to the use of crosslinked rubber modified polyolefin after lithium ion battery micro porous membrane with a nano-composite material and a manufacturing method thereof.
A neighbor information processing method, the method comprising: a terminal (UE) sent by the base station comprises receiving a measurement request measurement configuration; the UE by measuring the creation of a new configuration information in the fields of the traffic reports support itself is acquired and the neighbor cell information.
The present invention discloses a video processing method and apparatus.
Embodiments of the present invention is suitable for use in a communication system based on the DHCPv6 protocol.
The present invention relates to an orthogonal frequency division multiplexing (OFDM) system, comprising a synchronization method, in response to the pilot channel by a peak search to find the position of the corresponding time offset according to the time offset, and the phase difference between the pilot symbols are derived based on the time offset frequency offset estimates; and a frequency deviation estimation value for the synchronization of the OFDM system.
The invention relates to a method for routing data center network system.
The present invention discloses a real time based on the Internet client stereoscopic video transcoding method and system.
The present invention also discloses an implementation of the interleaving or deinterleaving means.
A management unit, and a branch unit of the pointer processing method and circuit.
The present invention relates to a package structure comprising: a carrier plate and the surface of the adhesive layer; the functional face is attached to the adhesive layer on the chip; and passive devices formed in the carrier plate further comprises a tagged with the chip and the passive device for encapsulating curing of one side of the sealing material layer.
歩 provided an integrated into a base station.
The system includes a first device located in the MME is located in the base station, and a second device, the first device for the MME overload is transmitted to the base station the overload control signaling; second means for, upon receipt of the overload control signaling according to the overload control signaling after the terminal establishes an RRC connection reject the request.
Method comprising: a mobile terminal of the mobile unit from the payment transaction is a payment device acquires the current payment transactions, transaction information, the mobile terminal storage unit stores the payment transaction unit acquires the payment of the transaction information for the transaction.
The present invention discloses a location information processing method.
At the same time, there is no need to emphasize the difference of adjacent pixels is calculated using the location requirements is not high, the computing method is simple.
The present invention also discloses a base station.
Impedance matching components and mixing of the present invention, the microwave absorbing material has an impedance of the impedance matching element of the gradual transition.
The present invention accordingly also discloses a WLAN is monitored by the server to the terminal.
The technical solution according to the present invention, may be provided to lift the terminal data traffic rate, fully take advantage of the existing network resources in a plurality of network implemented between terminal mobility and dynamic load balancing, effectively lifts the user's experience.
The present invention by two sets of an FM antenna may be significantly raising the FM signal, the reception performance of the FM reception has stronger reception sensitivity.
By the present invention, the fixed network is able to ensure effective behaviour of a service to the mobile terminal is controlled.
The present invention also discloses a connection information acquisition system, the connection information server, and the location server.
The present invention discloses a multicast download application based on a method, apparatus and system.
The present invention discloses a Multimedia Broadcast Multicast Service sends a status change of the notice method, comprising: a network side through the access stratum AS fashion or access layer is not signaled to the user equipment UE is currently transmitting a multimedia broadcast multicast MBMS service transmits a notification of a change of state information.
The method comprises: the access node to the interworking gateway node transmitting source of the user terminal is transmitted to the external network carrying active user identity data message, the access node, wherein the data message at the access node has been added to the identification and location of the interworking gateway node address.
The method and system of the present invention does not effect the first enterprise network security in the case where the second enterprise network the user equipment can pass through a first enterprise network access device to implement a network connection to the Internet, or to implement a network connection to a second enterprise network.
Embodiments of the present invention provides a method of inhibiting out-of-band radiation, a receiver, a transmitter and a communication system at a lower complexity algorithm of the OFDM signal is effective in inhibiting the out-of-band emissions.
The present invention provides an implement a multimedia broadcast multicast service (MBMS) to report the continuity of the process, comprising: a network side to the user equipment (UE) sends a request to the user equipment sends a multimedia broadcast multicast service reception status information of the requested information; the user equipment receives the request information to the network side after the multimedia broadcast multicast services to report the reception status information.
The present invention discloses a switching table maintenance method and apparatus.
The present invention not susceptible to the interference of the channel and noise in bad channel environment for correcting clock system frequency deviation has better stability.
The electro-active permanent magnetic switch and permanent magnet electrical activation of the switched reluctance motor power saving, magnetic loss is small, the magnetic efficiency is high; which uses a modular motor together with biphasic electrical stimulation is accomplished in a fine pitch angle, and improves the operational stability, as well as output power control precision.
The present invention discloses a mobile terminal is achieved by face recognition anti-theft method.
The present invention discloses a method and device channel information feedback.
The technical solution according to the present invention, may be provided to ensure that the more user access of the system performance, and to a certain extent solved the problem of interference between different base stations.
The present invention is better than the prior art after the serving cell change is an increase of the throughput of the HSDPA service.
This application also discloses a system in which the device and the associated data transmission method.
The invention will be a conventional meta-material planar metallic microstructures of the rf antenna and feeder stereochemistry, the spatialization, maximize utilization of the antenna such that the space occupied by the antenna further miniaturization.
The battery compartment are arranged at both ends of the electrodes are connected to a battery of a piece of sheet metal.
Using the present invention, with the existing main power amplifier and auxiliary power amplifier is a Doherty amplifier using the LDMOS lifting Doherty PA, can be compared in the main power amplifier efficiency of a power amplifier to make the entire power amplifier efficiency of the Doherty amplifier is greatly improved.
The present invention discloses an access method, the user equipment and a base station belonging to the communication network domain.
And since the half open gap may couple the PIFA antenna, and part of the energy is the half open gap formed by radiation.
The method includes receiving a message for handover, the handover is formed after the handover to the handover call; TrFO side sends a message for adjusting the rate, so that said non-switched side, on receipt of the message for adjusting the rate of the non-switched side after the rate adjustment is the initial rate.
The scheme of the present application can be used effectively implements a access control, perfected a SessionManagementCongestionControl mechanism.
When the DNS query message is sent from the client domain name query, the DNS server corresponding to the domain name, the IP address of the minimum load value to the DNS returns an IP address for the client.
The solutions described above effectively solve coupled dual homing in one channel cannot be normally to continue to transmit service upon failure of the problem.
The present invention discloses a call processing method and apparatus.
Embodiments of the present invention include: the current frame is divided into macroblocks; for an inter prediction and an intra prediction encoding. for the inter prediction by and intra prediction, the weighted sum is obtained for predictive coding of video output value.
The present invention discloses a terminal, comprising: a stylus for a slot is inserted, further comprises means for controlling the terminal screen or locks screen keys.
The inventive method and apparatus is located in cell clusters, so that an edge and the center, so that the user is able to distinguish between processing for the entire multi-cell MIMO system has a greater rate of optimization and elevation; and so that the edge of a cell in a multiple target user exposure of the user to define the interference with the explicit method, and a metric.
The present invention does not increase the hardware costs are low cost, which belongs to an improved decoding performance, and does not cause any decrease.
By the above described method and apparatus which ensures that the content data in the community in combination with adequately shared, eliminates inter-community "garden wall", allowing the personal information of the user, the message content, the buddy information and the like to be better, a faster flow, increasing the service application on the user experience.
The present invention can be used for the creation of a new current UE cannot be a downlink control channel is detected with a problem.
The sampling unit (22) and the rectifier smoothing circuit (11) is connected, collection of filtering the rectifying circuit (11) of the surge signal.
The present invention provides a technical scheme described above, can be effective in reducing DCI blind detection probability of false positives, improve downlink performance.
In the present invention, power management effect according to the user device is triggered by user equipment power margin is reported in the prior art, to solve the reported power margin, so that the problem of incorrect report to the base station side according to make the correct power margin of power adjustment of the power savings that achieves the effect of adapting overhead.
The system includes a plurality of clients, the communication server, a global server and the query server. Communication between the server and the client, the client via the communications server connected respectively to the query server and the global server connected by a communication server query server connected to the global server.
The short message transmission method comprising: extracting the addressee information, extracting the short message and sends the short message text is the text as well as addressee information, so that the recipient information corresponding to the mobile terminal receives the short message text and recipient information.
According to the present invention a warning of PON ports to control its state, the state of the PON ports for handover, and prepared by the ONU to enable master PON ports of two ONUs information, wherein the synchronization information comprises the status of the ONU and ONU Eqd et al. information across the network element, so as to achieve a fast switching.
The present invention is solved by, in the currently selected time access port failures, the port toggling between a problem in time cannot be completed, which increases the stability of the synchronized network time.
Embodiments of the present invention discloses a wavelength tunable laser and a tunable laser having a wavelength selection method for tuning a wavelength selection unit by wavelengths are selected such that the laser has a wavelength selection procedure is susceptible to implement, and reduce the optical element, to lower the cost.
The invention relates to a Bluetooth fitting paired Bluetooth device and method of Bluetooth fitting.
Channel measurement system of the present invention and the method and apparatus will now be implemented in network does not affect operation of the case, the channel measurement precision is improved.
The present invention discloses a multicarrier forward data distribution method, apparatus, and system for resolving each carrier in prior art load imbalance, base transceiver station loads a great technical problem.
The present invention discloses a method for data transmission.
The present invention discloses a multilayer beam forming method.
When the primary SIP entities according to the invention is unable to provide the service, the standby SIP entities can be substituted for the primary SIP entity provides a service support, thereby implementing a SIP session traffic does not interrupt purposes.
Using the present invention enables a mobile network, each network element in the ICP information can be obtained.
A nuclear power plant of the emergency power supply to provide methods and systems.
The present invention provides a mobile terminal searching method of payment information, and the mobile terminal to provide a query can be effectively timely payment service of the mobile terminal, the method of mobile payment information.
The first temperature control the switching circuit (6) coupled to the power supply input terminal that includes a are mounted on the heat sink (102) or lamp on a particular location within the first normally closed thermostatic switch (F2).
A service set-up method, system, a radio network controller and the user terminal.
The second insulation, is set to block coupled to the cellular communication signals of the frequency band.
The present invention discloses a different access technologies fusion is effected in a terminal and a process.
Embodiments of the present invention the subframe configuration information notified by the method comprising: the network side equipment according to this cell configuration of the sub frames in a radio frame, determines the frame type information; said network side equipment through the air interface to the network side of a neighbor cell (s) containing the sub-frame type information device to send the control signaling.
Embodiments of the present invention provides for processing multicast stream quality parameter of a method, apparatus and system.
The present invention also discloses that the corresponding pilot's configuration device.
Employing aspects of the present invention, is capable of operating at the terminal to the GSM module in the DCS frequency band, at the same time TD module operating in the F band, the frequency band and GAMDCS TDF frequency band by a receive sensitivity of a greater influence on the TDF cases, improved GSMDCS band frequency band and a receive sensitivity.
The present invention discloses a Policy and Charging control functional entity functionality negotiation method and system.
In particular, the more suited for use in a large number of MTC terminal management.
The vibration of the diaphragm in the loudspeaker protrusions are formed on the membrane body, so that the speaker can be reduced in the upper frequency band of the frequency response curves, such that the peaks of a high frequency band in a frequency response curve is relatively smooth, improves the sound effects in the high band, the comparison can realistically represents the original sound.
Embodiments of the present invention, so that by extending the LLDP bearer network side can automatically acquire access bearer network equipment and a network element of a bearer network output connects to a network element of the home service information between devices.
Method comprising: storing the user terminal provided with a document corresponding to the keys of the operation of the terminal determines; monitoring to operate for the document with the terminal stores the keys of the key of the key agreement according to the operation of the corresponding operation is performed for the document.
The present invention relates to the field of communications, and in particular to an access control method and apparatus for implementing the preferred access control.
The home gateway device, in accordance with the received local access control list information, the mobile terminal is performing access control data.
The present invention discloses a packet data network gateway, a terminal mobility management system.
The present invention advantageously can be employed, using UDP/IP, implementing a bi-directional communications capabilities in band messages feedback, a saving of system resources, simplifying the NAT traversal of the relevant processing.
The present invention provides a WEB channel based on the IPTV system implementing the method, device, and increases the IPTV system, an interactive user experience.
In the mobile phone terminal according to the present invention may be implemented on a multiple human chat functions.
The present invention provides a UE in multiple cells carrying the method of mixing is established.
The present invention enables the versatility of service processing method.
The measurement of the subsets comprises were exposed to the same type of interference measurement time gap.
The present invention discloses a block error rate of the control method and apparatus relate to the field of communications.
The present invention discloses a machine type method of a communication device, the mobile communication network is triggered on the MTC equipment identity information with the MTC relations of association of the user identity information is monitored.
The present invention discloses a iso-intersystem redirection method and system.
The method in the hold HeNBGW transparency design principles for the premise, avoiding redundant cell, the occurrence of redundant signaling and thereby avoiding redundant operation.
The control module is arranged to: according to the upstream data to obtain the corresponding clock signals of the upstream data, and the uplink rate according to the uplink rate for the ONU assigns uplink bandwidth.
The material layer comprises a sheet-like substrate disposed on the substrate and a period of a plurality of artificial microstructures.
The home base station, from the set of: according to the home base station management system and/or from the home base station is established with the opposite end of the S 1 is connected to the network element receives the explicit and/or implicit indication determines whether or not the base station is connected to the home gateway.
The invention relates to a method, system, and streaming media Media forwarding server.
Embodiments of the present invention also provides a high-speed optical transmission system and a high speed in an optical transmission system, a transmitter and a receiver.
A semiconductor device and its method of manufacture.
The present invention discloses a self service authentication method and system, said method comprising: a user terminal via the first network to the second network having a service server initiates a service access request; the second network service authentication server directly to the user terminal for service authentication.
In the present invention the uplink sub-frame corresponding downlink 子帧窗 downlink subframe is included in an amount of greater than 1, it is configured by a higher layer signaling in a manner or according to whether the UE is received from the secondary downlink thePDSCH serving cell to the result of the judgment, the UE is determined using format 1 b in combination with the channel selection feedback HARQ-ACK in a feedback manner when the reply information.
The method is mainly in the seating body unit to the surface of the substrate is coated with boron nitride bearing material to form a coating layer, dried and after the drying process, to work on the silver coating layer is coated with the low temperature in order to form a conductive layer over the conductive layer, and the adhesive is provided with a plurality of light emitting elements spaced.
In the terminal and a connection failure occurs between sites such that the terminal can re-establishment procedure by the RRC connection of the terminal provisioning data traffic.
An on-line 种永远 provided in the ability of the methods, systems, and devices.
The configuration of the invention of an apparatus includes a first receiving module, a second receiving module and the configuration module.
The present invention can effectively reduce the probability of false detection control information.
In addition, the information processing device to the server to the terminal and the synchronization of the synchronization may be performed separately, more flexible, and the data will also be in the information processing apparatus is done once a backup, additional safety.
The present embodiments provide a method of sharing information, as well as the user device and the server device.
The present invention discloses a method of implementation of the interleaving or deinterleaving.
The present invention discloses a terminal to implement the evolved universal mobile telecommunications system terrestrial radio access network EUTRAN to a universal mobile telecommunications system terrestrial radio access network UTRAN PS handover method and system.
Embodiment of the present invention by the method disclosed by two portions, the client over a local client 分工合作 and establish a media channel, it is possible to effectively address transmission quality in the prior art, to ensure that the problem of low cloud computation mode voice or video transmission quality.
The present invention discloses a media file generation methods, devices and systems.
The present invention discloses a method of scheduling resources, comprising: a terminal will self wireless access capability or represents the identification of the wireless access capability is notified to the network side equipment, the network side equipment according to the terminal has a wireless access capability for resource scheduling for the terminal.
The present invention provides a mobile tariff credit device and method.
In the above methods, the access service signals are detected by the rate of the traffic signal is determined according to the traffic signal; determining a rate of the traffic signals, a corresponding traffic types; according to the determined traffic class is mapped to the traffic signal processing.
The technical solution of a GSM radio transmission of a front end module, it is possible to effectively reduce the GSM radio frequency front-end module, thereby reducing the cost of the GSM radio frequency transmission front-end module with a handheld apparatus has an overall cost price.
The terminal can be extended using the present invention can be used to reduce the memory space of the memory card, the user purchases the economic burden.
Compared to the prior art, the present invention is achieved by setting the electronic lock using the remote controller is turned on, the battery compartment is more easily and, at the same time the electronic lock is provided in the cartridge body interior, and is less prone to damage.
An electro-active permanent magnetic switch and permanent magnet electrical activation of the switched reluctance motor and the excitation method.
The present invention discloses a mobile terminal and its video phone to automatically answer method.
Comprising: a first terminal according to the second terminal, a play request from the audiovisual provides analog audio and/or video, and the write to the buffer space in the cache space stored audio and/or video is sent to the second terminal. The present invention accordingly also discloses a shared audio and/or video system.
The technical solution according to the present invention, the SIM card in a fixed on a card holder with a SIM card.
The present invention also discloses an access node to adjust the processing of the carrier frequency, the system employing the present invention is solved by a carrier frequency adjustment can work carrier frequency loading imbalance and co-channel interference problems, thereby increasing the overall Quality of Service system.
The present invention provides a solution to the solutions described above, the related art, due to the lack of active agent station self-protected, SNMP security problems of poor that achieves the effect of enhancing the security of the system, while also improving the efficiency of the operation of the agent station.
To improve the power conversion efficiency of the device.
The invention enables a user to the user away from the case of a cellular phone handset known whether there is a short message or an incoming call, and so on.
The present invention a technical problem to be solved is to provide a mobile terminal, the address received radio signals required for receiving radio signals in a receive antenna designed to increase the cost of the occupied space problem.
The present invention discloses a method of controlling an user equipment for measuring method, device, and system, said method comprising: measuring the RNC informs the UE ANR is carried out using an event, indicating that the UE to report the measurement reports of ANR manner and threshold; the UE to perform measurements, the ANR ANR measurement thresholds to satisfy a predetermined relationship to report the results of the measurements are carried out.
The present invention enhances the mobile terminal browser download speed and bandwidth utilization, improves the performance and the browser, the mobile terminal, the mobile terminal performance.
The present invention discloses a queue management methods, devices and systems that belongs to the field of communications.
The present invention also discloses an upstream transmission open-loop power control means.
The present invention provides a multicast service of isolation method and apparatus.
The present invention discloses a location management method and system.
The present invention is applied without contact, allowing the user to remotely actuated, there can be a mobile terminal, the mobile terminal user's work efficiently meets the requirements.
The present invention also provides a service control device and the call control system.
By saving of system resources, according to the present invention increases the flexibility of the system, to improve the user experience.
Wherein, the communication network, in a first node receives channel information of the first channel carrying a first control message, according to the first channel of the channel allocation information in the node of the second channels, the first channel carrying generates and sends a channel information and channel information of a second channel of the set of the second control message.
The method comprising: receiving a call from the mobile device, wherein the mobile device has at least two client identification module SIM card;, in determining the call in the corresponding SIM cards after the secondary card, a determination is made as to whether the card is locked; if so, that prompts the user to terminate the call using a SIM card; a Primary Card callback call number.
The method comprises: a carrier polymeric scenario, the user equipment (UE) is selected according to a predetermined rule, the secondary component carrier and the principal component carrier switching the transmission on the physical uplink control channel (PUCCH), or only at the main components on the carrier wave is transmitted at the selected PUCCH; said UE sends the carriers on a component PUCCH.
A method of asset management system, a base station and belongs to the field of telecommunications technologies.
The invention improves the success rate of handover due to the cell capacity, and avoids the problems associated with the handover failure and resulted in a dropped call.
Wherein the distal end of the power supply comprising: a replaceable module for enabling at least one function of a remote power source, wherein said functionality comprises a self test communication function, a fault detection function, line diagnostic functions or security protection function, and a common module for implementation of remote power source in the replaceable modules may be implemented in addition to the function of a power source other than a general functionality.
The CPU is used by the present invention, the system acquires a crystal oscillator that auxiliary reference clock signal.
Embodiments of the present invention improves the accuracy of the fishing web page detection results.
The present invention discloses a method and a system of networked monitoring application in the communications art.
As can be seen, the present invention provides a method and apparatus, the base station can reduce the time required for the handover target cell.
The present invention by a measurement report message to report the reception status information of the MBMS services.
The two opposite side surface on at least one side surface is attached a periodic array of a plurality of artificial metal microstructure.
Method comprising: acquiring a neighbor cell is a multimedia broadcast multicast MBMS service configuration information; MBMS service according to the neighbor cell information, and the user equipment is configured to receive the MBMS service information from the user equipment to select target cell; the user device is a handover to the target cell.
When the query server from the client receives a query task number exceeds the threshold value, the query server according to the task processing priority policy assignments and a task receives a query task exceeds a threshold. Wherein, the query server number is at least two.
All available from the Bluetooth fitting to view stored in the Bluetooth device pairings of list; when paired list is not empty, the Bluetooth fittings according to the Bluetooth device of the mating connection priority in the list to search for a predetermined number of the Bluetooth device, and with the searched out Bluetooth devices to establish a connection.
Embodiments of the present invention may be applied in an orthogonal frequency division multiplexed system.
The present invention also discloses a method for implementing a multimedia streaming method described above, the inversion of the charging device.
By filling the screen according to the present invention, the edge region of the housing so that the edge region serves as a color, and a user may set the fill area of different shape and filling colour, the corresponding UI effect is also filled with the shape of the region of the change occurs, thereby achieving the effect of varying screen.
Through the sealed casing, a cold heat exchanger is mounted within the cold heat exchanger is predominantly thermal conduction of heat exchange, the electronic device to a cabinet housing, and then connected to the cabinet by a water cooling system on the chassis housing, a heat exchange to the water cooling system.
The present invention discloses a short message of the mobile terminal transmission method and system.
The present invention discloses a method for downloading of the mobile terminal, system, and device belongs to the field of telecommunications technologies.
The present invention proposes a videophone in a method for communicating information, and a communication terminal.
The present invention is solved by the above technique prior art terminal 解屏 and screen operation is not convenient, malfunction probability higher problems.
Embodiments of the present invention to provide a wireless channel environment information acquisition method, apparatus, and a radio network control device.
The present invention is achieved by the various terminals, for access control, reduce the network congestion.
The present invention provides a single board implementing primary The method and apparatus of an upgrade.
The present invention provides a value of forwarding method, apparatus, system, and the value receiving means.
The apparatus comprising: an obtaining unit operable to obtain the terminal transmits the wireless signal; channel information obtainment unit operable to obtain from the radio signals according to the pilot information and the pilot information for calculating the channel information on the storage unit for the; channel information is recorded.
Platform channel state information feedback is received, the transmitting end sends information 徘 寽 徘; based on the received information to estimate channel information in data channel information, from the codebook, the codebook 徘 莸's selected subset should be 陒 徘; transmit precoding matrix containing the selected pre-coding matrix 徘 徘 codebook index information corresponding to the 徘 signal.
The method and apparatus described in the system increases the CoMP CoMPUE cooperating cell to which the SRS channel detection performance.
Embodiments of the present invention there is provided a method of transmitting data, and nodes, the method comprising: acquiring a neighbor node randomly generated seed; according to the neighbor node randomly generated seed, acquiring the neighbor nodes in different frames to the corresponding dispersion listening period according to the neighbor node; and in a different frame interval, the corresponding dispersion to listen to the neighbour node sends data.
The solution of the invention combines the advantages of the coherent and non-coherent OTDR up for the lack of both, achieves a high dynamic range and resolution of the OTDR detection.
This scheme is controlled with respect to the adjacent cell interference problem, proposed a new control channel resource allocation method, it is possible to suppress interference from the adjacent cell control channel resource utilization increased port terminal, reducing the power consumption of the system and to improve the quality of service.
The present invention discloses a data transfer method and system.
The adaptive lightning surge control circuit (2) detection of filtering the rectifying circuit (11), and the variation of the voltage at the output of the voltage changes are adjusted according to the switched mode power supply (1), such that the input impedance of the inrush current limiting, protection of the power device.
The present invention discloses a polymeric carrier obtained in the uplink timing advance method and apparatus.
With the inventive method, the user may be a net status, according to the current tariff, traffic type and like factors autonomously selects different connection bearer service, the service user experience to maximize, minimize the service tariff.
A cooperative control information transmission, a data transmission method, apparatus, and system, comprising: sending data to the user equipment UE for determining, prior to the data to be processed and transmitted control information required by the cooperation of the cooperative control; and the data is information to be sent to downstream collaboration multicast each collaboration cell.
The present invention discloses an embodiment of a multimedia session negotiation method, apparatus and system is associated.
Embodiments of the present invention there is provided a method of traffic management and management device.
By the present invention, by moving the decision information, and the external configuration by the mobility management entity to receive IP, thereby achieving a bypass system 灵活处理 performance, the lifting system operability.
By application of an embodiment of the invention, the technical solution to the core network control entity determines the terminal device needs to reject the request message, the terminal device than the current of the assigned paging a larger area of the location area is allocated to the terminal device as the page range.
Through the above manner, the invention provides a technical solution to provide reliable copyright protection may be the audio-visual work.
The apparatus comprises: a communication with the main antenna, primary antenna that is connected to a communications antenna multiplexing means, and is connected with the antenna multiplexing device receives a modulation frequency of the chip.
The present invention provides a multiple interface terminal neighbor topology discovery process, multiple interface usage increases.
The present invention provides a method and apparatus to migrate traffic bearers, applied in a network access system.
In addition, the registration process in the UE, the UE itself in the dual channel capacity may be informed of the MME, MME is selected based on the ability to support the two channels of the SGW.
By supporting the POS et al. interface to be enabled on LLDP protocol, is achieved in an Ethernet link LLDP Neighbor Discovery function used on the object, and the invention also has the advantages of low cost, ease of implementation.
The drawer on both sides of the cover is provided with a groove, respectively.
The present invention provides a blind handover or blind redirection of a method and system, the method comprising: when a terminal needs to perform blind handover or blind is redirected, looks up the terminal whether or not there is a handover or redirect; when there is a history of history, in accordance with said history for the terminal to select a blind switching or blind redirection of a target cell.
The server is connected to the access switch.
The present invention also discloses a method for selecting the times of the user's terminal device,
The method comprising the steps of: at a mobile terminal, mobile television 全屏播放 according to user instructions, when downscaling the mobile television resolution, in said mobile terminal is a mobile television screen is displayed on the display section outside the mobile television operating menus.
The present invention accordingly also discloses a PDCCH adaptive transmission means.
The method comprising: determining a cell within the base station controller of the current group call service notification number (101), and when the current notification cell number is larger than the current common control channel (CCCH) notification on the channel (NCH) block numbers are capable of carrying up to when the number of the notification, the base station controller on the CCCH NCH block number up (102).
Therein, 4 via an antenna switch connected to a GSM radio frequency front end.
In the present invention by artificial microstructure inductive element is added to increase the dielectric constant of the material.
The system in advance of the available frequency bands, and the like is substantially divided into N sub-bands.
The present invention satisfies the user to the local image enlarged or reduced, so that the user needs to use more convenient, lifting the user experience.
The peak in the power amplifier circuit is provided for controlling the peak power amplifier peak in the power amplifier circuit to turn on the RF switch.
The present invention includes a rectifier circuit (1), an LED light source to a load (3), a constant current circuit (4), the first temperature control the switching circuit (6).
The present invention discloses a mail address information security method and apparatus.
The technical solution according to the present invention, may be provided at a high speed data transmission services (for example, "Alwayson" Service Data), is effective to improve the user experience.
The composite conductive carbon felt electrode fabrication method is employed as the electrically conductive substrate with a conductive resin, the carbon felt space as a linker species, thus enhancing the conductive properties of the carbon felt, the electrically conducting resin comprises a conductive plastic or epoxy.
The present invention also discloses an authentication device and an access device.
A component carrier priority level determined the method, system, and device.
The technical solution according to the present invention, when measured by performing channel information is capable of transmitting a control frame.
The present invention can be implemented with respect to contact to the prompting message, can be screened for a specific contact intuitively know the prompting message, enhancing the user's experience.
The technical solution according to the invention provided in the related art, to solve the wireless network resources cannot be fully take advantage of the problem, leading to a waste of resources and, in turn, may effectively lifting terminal service rate, and make efficient use of existing network resources.
Using the method of the invention, an apparatus and a system enabling the simplification of the gateway to a terminal equipment for the configuration of the flow, as well as increasing the efficiency of the gateway is configured.
By the present invention are not serving the terminal prior to the mobility management entity sends the terminal context means for deleting a removing position command, a saving of terminal mobility management entity in the registration server, the location information with the interactive signaling.
The method comprising: at the base station 主控板 configuration information stored on a base station, the base station into a single station mode has been set according to the configuration information from said base station, the base station proxy process 主控板 and controlled plate in a single station mode according to the proxy process is powered on.
The present invention also discloses that the corresponding system.
The present invention discloses an implementation of an admission control method and system, comprising: a home base station or home base station gateway according to a first user and a second user of a closed user group (CSG) information and/or allocation and retention priority (ARP) information, or the CSG information to the first user is doing business admission control.
The electromagnetic wave transmitted or received by the antenna is required when passing through the second dielectric substrate such that the antenna is a distributed capacitance increases, increasing the overall distributed capacitance effectively reduces the antenna operating frequency, and thus may be no change in the case of the line length at a low frequency such that the antenna when the antenna is still satisfied to work well, small volume, low operating frequency and broadband multi-mode requirements.
The matching of the antenna can be optimized to obtain optimal design of the RF and the antenna performance.
The present invention discloses a wireless communications terminal battery cartridge, comprising a battery box housing and shaft.
Thus ensure that the user is viewing the mobile television unaffected, also ensures that the display operation menu to allow users to perform correlation operations, greatly increases the user experience.
The present invention discloses a configuration to the advancing on the method of error correction scheme.
The present invention discloses a method and system to the content value is implanted, the operator cannot be used to solve the technical problems of implantation of the content value.
The method can be obtained simultaneously a plurality of tracking signaling traffic, for integrated display and analysis troubleshooting.
The switch comprises a chip structure.
In the above manner, the mobile terminal of the present invention, in addition to send the short message text is sent out further enhances the addressee information, the mass of the short message, so that the recipient (s) would know that supports all of the recipient of the information, the short message is the mass increased convenience for a reply.
The present invention provides a Widget information processing method, apparatus, and system servers.
The present invention discloses a contact information acquisition method, comprising: a network side receives the user terminal after the search request to other users, is provided for the user terminal is searched for the user's contact card information and the contact card information other than the information.
The present invention provides an electromagnetic shielding gasket and a preparation method thereof.
The device includes an acquisition module, a calculation module and supply the reservation module.
The present invention is able to achieve a common-mode scheme with a single radio frequency pulling the distal unit (RRU, RadioRemoteUnit) support both GSM and LTE/LTE-A two networks, reducing the cost of manufacture of the RRU, as well as the design of the GSM system upgrade to LTE/LTE-A system more simple technical effects.
The present invention discloses a microcode entry for the hierarchical processing of the method and apparatus relate to the field of communications.
The present invention discloses a method and system to terminal physical layer resource allocation, the method comprising: prior to a time unit is activated in the physical layer of each of the process of a start time and end time for planning; and, according to a predefined schedule for each process cycle, the scheduling for the current scheduling period decide the next scheduling period to initiate or stop the execution of the process.
The present invention provides a method, system, and a table maintenance access gateways, routers.
While in the server and the user equipment cannot communicate over most of the time, the user device does not have a dedicated IP address, the bearer or other data connection, thereby effectively saving network overhead.
Resolved by the present invention in the related art, in a call cannot trigger a plurality of SCP could not be completed due to the problem of multiple services, to improve the user experience.
The apparatus comprises: a first setup module and the second module is established.
By the present invention, the enhanced uplink resource utilization.
Implemented by proprietary PCRF creates the need for only the traffic carried by the traffic streams are depth message detection DPI/SPI PDNGW after treatment can be created by a proprietary corresponding traffic bearer, increasing the diversity of the proprietary bearer creation means.
The battery compartment at the ends of the charging circuit boards are electrically connected to the metal sheet.
The present invention discloses a user information for the dynamic caching of a method and system for user information to solve the problem of excessive buffering resources.
The present invention determines whether the home base station (HeNB) whether HeNBGW, connected to a method to avoid redundancy cell, redundant signaling, or redundant operation.
According to this technical solution being capable of supporting link test instructions to include multiple link data type information, and capable of supporting data measured by the base station acquisition path, increases the acquisition of the type of data link, thereby increasing the data measured according to link to the wireless communication network optimization accuracy.
Embodiments of the present invention discloses a microwave device, and microwave transmission method, the application in the communications art.
The HLR also provides temporary open or over the voice call forwarding function is intercepted, facilitating the use of the service and may make full use of the existing network resources, a cost savings.
Compared to the prior art, the present invention is based on the position of the mobile device by the information related to the mobile devices involved in determining the sharing of the plurality of mobile devices, and implements a shared resource information between the convenient sharing, not only improves the efficiency of the lifting the, also the use experience for the user.
. The method comprises: the first mobile terminal to the one or more second mobile terminal transmits the conference data; said first mobile terminal and said second mobile terminal with voice conference is displayed when the meeting information, said first mobile terminal is a mobile terminal to initiate the conference, the second mobile terminal is a mobile terminal participating in a conference.
The present invention provides a home gateway autonomous switching method, device, and system, from a low carbon, environmentally friendly, energy conservation standpoint, in use does not affect the user under the premise that provides a significant savings electrical energy.
The use of the present application can be, by way of example in the uplink and downlink traffic ratio of a dynamically changing scene demand was reduced under a different configuration of the uplink and downlink time slot interference, resulting in improved stability and system performance.
Using embodiments of the present invention, it is easy to implement the respective strip having a power allocation and standing wave matching.
The present invention discloses a mobile terminal parameter setting method.
To increase the stability of the data transmission, and there is no need for increasing the abundance of the corresponding 多制式 data transmission format of a hardware investment, and engineered to savings in the corresponding cost penalties, simplifies the processing mechanisms and design complexity.
The present invention also proposes a corresponding device.
When the electromagnetic wave through the meta-material, the artificial metallic microstructures of the incident electromagnetic wave in the vertical direction and parallel to the direction of the incident electromagnetic wave, which is equivalent to two identical and symmetrical by inductive branch is in parallel with the inductance of the shunt capacitive branch of two identical, consisting of the two dimensional circuit.
The present invention provides a voice call process video and voice calls of the platform.
Embodiments of the present invention provides a technique for determining equivalent path in the network in a method, network devices and systems.
The topological constraint according to logic rules establish the link.
An annular networking modes of failure handling method and system.
The present invention analog radio frequency signal generation method and system, implementing a signal through the channel model processes, to get a better performance for the premise signal through the channel, such that the complexity of the modeling process is greatly reduced.
Further provides for a data processing system and associated equipment.
The terminal is derived to maximize throughput through the channel information of a modulation coding mode, the two wireless local area network is fed back to the AP.
The present invention is capable of processing to be answered 漏接 and inconvenience of the videophone access denial, causes the video telephony functions of completeness.
The top of the cell cartridge housing by rotating shaft is connected to the wireless communication terminal.
Embodiments of the present invention there is provided a ray propagation characteristics of the analysis method and apparatus.
The invention may be applied in the handset or the like in the mobile terminal.
Using this method allows the rigid substrate (100) on the thin film solar cell of the manufacturing process and apparatus is a large area to complete the manufacture of flexible thin film solar cell can be achieved.
Allowing the user to add more group, but each user has only one home Group, towards a user's home clique charges the mobile, VPN service rent.
The present invention can be reduced by a plurality of UEs and the network side, such that the interaction of the reforming process is simplified, is easy to implement.
By the present invention, the accuracy is improved by a token bucket algorithm, which increases the rate-limiting accuracy.
Embodiments of the present invention there is provided a video based value-added service implemented method, a server and the system.
In this method, a web page server to perform the steps comprising: receiving the caller calls the Attendant number information; the calling user, wherein the user is assigned to a telephone operator, Operator client logs on to the user as a web page on a web page server; receiving a client input via a Web page; sending the called subscriber number of the calling subscriber for indicating whether a call forwarding to the called subscriber number of the indication information.
The present invention reduces the overhead power of the base station, the base station power consumption is reduced, and the improvement of the cells of the primary common pilot channel, the pilot channel quality.
The method and the system is able to interface between the base station or cell to reduce the amount of data, so that the content of the transmissions to be more effective for collaboration.
The method comprises: a packet data convergence protocol layer is a received uplink message or uplink forwarding message delivery; if the detection timer is set to the uplink message or uplink forwarding messages in the uplink received within a sliding window of the residence time exceeds the duration of the timing of the delivery of the timer, then the message is delivered to the upper layer.
By the present invention to improve the performance of the system and the user experience.
In the opening by plating on suitable 泡棉 ratio of Co/Ni alloy layer to obtain a good electrical conductivity and permeability, can simultaneously perform the electric field shielding function and the magnetic field shielding function.
The present invention effectively reduces the effect of the initial frequency offset, ensures that the lower signal-to-noise ratios of the interval timing synchronization, at an initial frequency offset is not compensated for and the channel transmission environment of the received unknown under conditions preferably has a better use of the robust features.
The present invention also provides a context reuse system.
The present invention discloses a method of processing a RLC AM status reports to the system.
The present invention provides a voice call handoff TrFO applied to a rate adjustment method and apparatus.
Embodiments of the present invention there is provided a label switched path established methods, devices and systems relating to communications art.
The mobile terminal can be achieved using the present invention automatically unlocking and security is unlocked.
The present invention discloses a main called identity permutation method and system.
Wherein, the query server number is at least two.
A method comprising: receiving a sending terminal transmits the 3 D format description information carrying an out-of-band message, the client at the transmitting end is added and is involved in a multimedia session is initiated before the out-of-band message; receiving the out-of-band message is parsed from the out-of-band message to obtain the 3 D format description information.
The present invention discloses a method and the power amplifier power amplification tube.
The present invention extends this access capabilities of the UE from the UE, the user provides a plurality of access modes.
Using the present invention enables the mobile switching center without adding new interfaces and protocols could achieve the IMS control point information.
Method comprising: a base station controller receives a paging request message, said paging request message in a paged mobile terminal carrying a location at which a region encoding; according to the location area code look up to the location area code corresponding to the virtual local area network VLAN coding. The VLAN corresponding to the coding regions of a VLAN broadcast paging message.
Embodiments of the present invention discloses a time fault monitoring method and system.
The present invention provides a service triggering method and apparatus.
By the present invention enables operator assigned access is more flexible and may enable existing operator resource is fully utilized.
In the MTC terminal goes to a following attachment, the mobility management entity (MME) is clocked on the MTC terminal.
By means of the inventive method and system of the prior art, it is possible to solve the long term evolution of the LTE system cannot be achieved in the plurality of cells is a user terminal service problems.
At the same time also provides means for carrying out the method.
The process of the invention the EAB binding with the existing ACB mechanism for processing, to solve the number is not sensitive to delay or lower priority service or access to the network terminal is simultaneously possible impact of the system associated with the problem.
The common module, wherein the general-purpose interface, by having the general interface connections, and the replaceable modules can also be turned off by the generic interface with the replaceable modules of the physical connection.
The present invention also discloses a mobile terminal is prevented from being illegally breaking the locking mesh is a system which uses the method and system of the present invention are available at the mobile terminal hardware modifications for the premise is less effective in improving the unlock security.
Embodiments of the present invention to provide a virtual private local area network services VPLS Fast Reroute method and apparatus.
The method comprises the steps of: receiving port receives a continuity test message (CCM), CCM, wherein carried in CCM is routed through the port for indicating a link path recording field; the receiving port update link path recording field contents, and the updated record field carries a link path to the CCM and sends it to the next port.
Thus, the base station and the terminal device is avoided for ACK/NACK feedback information transmission schemes are not consistent, improve the understanding of ACK/NACK feedback information transmission reliability and efficiency.
The present invention discloses a inter-cell interference coordination method and system.
In conclusion, the present embodiments provide a technical solution for efficient use of multiple antenna transmission diversity is used to obtain diversity gain, increases the network performance.
The invention belongs to the field of power battery management techniques, particularly discloses a lithium ion battery discharge power equalization method as well as the equalization system.
Accordingly, the present invention in comparison to prior art, only needs to be done, an HTTP get call, may be acquired to the device state, in which the process is simple and efficient.
By the present invention saves network devices and maintenance cost and improves the performance of the system.
The method includes: a radio frequency controller transmits a series of networking is the number of hops each radio frequency device for locking (101) having a radio frequency device; if the bypass occurs, then the radio frequency controller based on the number of hops, upon locking to the bypass switching does not occur, a radio frequency device to transmit a corresponding configuration data (102).
By implementing the embodiment of the present invention, an efficient and timely reminder information.
The invention is directed to providing faster when the battery pack is vented, for an implementation of the method and system of equalization.
The method comprising the steps of: after the communication terminal wakes up, the communication terminal of the user's face stylus input information on the input face; the identity information of the discrimination, if the discrimination is unlocked, the communication terminal by entering the application.
The invention solves the problem of data message is discarded.
A home base station is known a method of neighbor cell information, the method comprising: a home base station of the upper level access node is a home base station is known to the closed off, the home base station, a neighbor to the home base station sends a first message; as well as the neighbor to the home base station is known from the first message the closing of the home base station information.
The invention relates to a video encoding dynamically modify a video communication method.
The system comprises: a broadband network policy server and a home gateway.
Through the support of the macro base station scenario LIPA access, and the terminal through the 过过 LIPA, so that the setting up of a connection established in R11 is able to meet the requirements of the connected LIPA; further enhances the performance of R1.
The method includes: visualization of voice mail ( "VVM") between a client and a server side of VVM establishes a socket (Socket); the VVM is connected to the client by the server side of VVM Socket connection between messaging is implemented.
The technical solution according to the present invention, it is possible to implement a radio base station of a wireless network through a wired terminal device to access core network, to user terminals within the coverage area to provide a high quality signal.
Embodiments of the present invention there is provided a switched network of flow control, relates to a method and apparatus for implementing communications art packet loss rate decreased, and increase the efficiency of the packet-switched network.
The present invention discloses a CoMP enable and disable the transmission mode of the method, system, and apparatus is designed to solve the existing CoMP transmission mode enable and disable the method does not reasonable to provide corresponding services to the user of the problem.
A serial baud rate configuration method and related apparatus, system.
A relay node has a handoff method and system, used in mobile relay node in a handover procedure, the method comprising: at the relay node after the donor base station access to the target, the target is built in a service gateway on the donor base station and a packet data gateway, respectively, the relay node to establish a bearer.
The present invention as well as the interworking network interworking method, and the interworking gateway may be implemented using different terminal interworking between the identified network.
The present invention provides a multimedia broadcast multicast service transmission mode switching method and apparatus, the method comprising: informing a user equipment network side of the one or more multimedia broadcast multicast service (MBMS) to a point-to-multipoint (PTM) transmission mode, and transmitting said one or more MBMS information related to said user device.
The present invention discloses an automatic neighbor relationships measurement method, the method comprising: performing automatic can quickly in the neighbor relationships ANR measured states of a user equipment UE sends the ANR; said UE measurement configuration parameters based on the ANR measurement configuration parameters of the unknown neighbor cell is performed on the ANR measurements.
The present invention discloses a method and apparatus, the position location art belongs to.
Said method comprising: when said dual two-wire to be the user of the terminal initiating circuitry (CS) service, the twin-wire bis is selected to be the terminal communicate via the 2 G network. when the double twin wire to be the user of the terminal initiates a packet (PS) service, the twin-wire bis is selected to be the terminal via a 3 G network or a 2 G network for communications.
Wherein the pre-processing module to the packing module sends the streaming media data of the process and the packing module is packetised streamed media data is sent to the Ethernet hardware clock by a process to control the transmission of data packets.
The present invention accordingly also discloses a clique intelligent service implementation of the system.
The present invention provides a method and user equipment information feedback.
Method including: receiving a mobile terminal initiated CAB services; determines that the mobile terminal is in an abnormal state; according to a pre-set exception handling policy, processing CAB service.
Wherein, the mail address information security method comprising: when sender sending mail, the acquiring security group address; the sender's mail address is replaced by said security group address is sent to the recipient, the mail address of the mail.
Embodiments of the present invention, discloses a data block transmission and reception method, apparatus, and a transmission system.
A home base station determines whether the gateway connection relationship with the home base station, a method comprising: according to the home base station from the home base station management system and/or to establish itself from the end of S 1 is connected to the network element receives the explicit and/or implicit indication determines whether or not the base station is connected to the home gateway.
The method includes: a control center for each service platform to assign a traffic admission flow (license) value; and said control center statistical each service platform in a statistical mean a period using the license and control strategy according to the license to the service platform is assigned to each of the regulated value license.
The present invention discloses a home network applications terminal equipment management system and method.
The technical solution according to the present invention, the receiving end is effective for reducing the length of a status report is generated.
The present invention also provides a terminal.
The present invention can be carried out more efficiently 异域 identification translation.
Using this method and system to achieve compression/decompression context, the mode of operation of the security migration increased user experience.
Comprising: receiving an encoded bitstream; the said encoded bit stream is mapped to each of the spatial streams.
The present invention discloses a circuit emulation method AU-3.
Wherein the mixed light signals for the continuous optical signals in the consumption of an erbium-doped fiber amplifier, such that the particles are partially reverse the erbium doped optical fiber amplifiers in the optical signal to the mixing of the bursts in the optical signal is amplified by the inversion of the erbium-doped fiber amplifiers particles maintain balance state.
The method includes: a network side knows that the user device has a plurality of uplink timing advance, the initiating user equipment in a designated carrier secondary cell is accomplished on a random access procedure. In the embodiment of the present invention, to ensure that the maintenance of a scene multi-TA under SCell may be implemented on a random access procedure.
Using the present invention can solve TD-LTE terminal device to implement the ACK/NACK scheduling complex, spending resources problems.
The present invention is applied, it is possible to increase the multi-dimensional channel parameter extraction process efficiency, while ensuring that the accuracy of the result is extracted.
In the prior art to address the pilot-based channel estimate or time frequency synchronization of problems with poor performance of the invention.
The application of the present invention, is capable of enhancing the buddy lookup speed.
By implementing the existing wireless communication network between mobile terminals are positioned end to end.
A policy session deletion process.
Not only increases the processing capacity of the network; and to avoid overloading the network access again to consume a large amount of radio resources, effective to save radio resource, reduce the network side processing load.
Comprising: a base station is sent to the same terminal of more than two control signaling, dispensing a continuous time/frequency resource, the resource allocation of the time-frequency domain after issuing the control signaling; the terminal receives control signaling, after decoding the control signaling, it is learned that is sent to the own control signaling; wherein the sent to the own control signaling on a continuous distribution in the time-frequency domain.
The present invention of a current protocol modifications must also smaller, so that not only the investment in existing network system are protected and also facilitates maintenance of the network system, saving a reinforcing SRVCC domain switching implementation cost.
The present invention also provides a cell scheduling means.
A method and system of the present invention is employed, in multimedia conferencing system, the user need only by the IVR, or the like to input a conference identity, i.e., can be added to the conference, reduces the complexity of the multimedia conference, greatly enhancing the use experience for the user.
The present invention in which the UE using a Cell_ PCH state or a Cell_ FACH state of relatively long DRX idle period is performed on the unknown neighbor cell is measured using the ANR and data which can be transmitted over the chance of natural, immediately the ANR measurement reports to the network that implements an automatic neighbor relationships of a rapid maintenance.
A double twin wire to be terminal for communicating with the method and apparatus.
In the present invention, is achieved by the control of the terminal to access the MTC, so as to reduce the overhead.
The present invention proposes a method of network communication across applications and devices.
In accordance with this application, the terminal need only send a copy of the transit node towards the multicast data by the node, and the data is duplicated and multicast to a plurality of terminals, the clusters to increase the transmission efficiency.
Said method comprising: receiving an optical network unit (ONU) to report the alarm information of finding a pre-configured with the ONU monitoring alarms associated template; according to the alert monitor configured in the template of the alert level, the weight definition information to modify the alarm information, and an alert level based on the reported or alert level, discarding the alarm information.
The wireless communications module is provided with a metal pad and contact.
The present embodiments provide a reconfiguration of the method, the radio network controller RNC and the terminal such that the terminal is known to be initiated as early as possible uplink data belongs to a service information, thereby reducing the dedicated transport channel configurations, and increasing the latency of the RNC to a state of the terminal transport efficiency.
A flexible organic electroluminescent devices and methods for their preparation.
The present invention also provides a method of data transmission.
The present invention can reduce the transmit queue corresponding to each of the token bucket or leaky bucket refresh frequency and to insure that each transmit queue corresponding token bucket or leaky bucket thereof can be refreshed.
When sending a short message without having to carry the service access number, does not affect the user experience.
Pattern matching method and apparatus.
On the other hand at the request of a service flow management is performed at the same time, the buffer capacity of the negotiation savings in operating scheme.
The present invention relates to the field of wireless communication technology, and more particularly relates to a neighbor cell handover method and apparatus.
The method includes: a system side of the video is received from the UE, wherein the video command of saving for saving command stored in the UE requests the system side of the video in the video call; system video command of saving the lateral root data stored in the UE, the video in the video call.
The method comprising: a first system periodically or upon receipt of the instructions, the specified information to the second system; said second system receiving the information to be stored.
A spread carrier are activated or deactivated, belonging to the method and base station of the wireless communication industry.
Include: the frame data is composed of a management unit AU-3 frame format to the branch unit TU-3 frame format; the TU-3 frame format, the data is mapped to a virtual container VC4, resulting in a VC4 frame format data; the VC4 frame format data is simulated.
Embodiments of the present invention further discloses a implemented in a shared network multicast of systems and devices.
If the UE using the present invention on information stored in a buffer is full always has not received a network side sends the ANR request notification is required, the subsequent measurement or how to make a measurement of case provides particular processing methods.
The mobile terminal and the mobile terminal based on the method of enabling remote conferencing and mobile terminal
The present invention discloses a method of controlling a video conference and a conference terminal.
Using the present invention can overcome if the UE measurements have not eligible for longer periods of time, information of whether the subsequent need to be measured or how the measurements are performed, no specific treatment method, avoiding the problem of the UE in the measurement state until it reaches the conserve resources effect.
The present invention achieves the automated service shunting effect, the safety for the operator of the fast ramp-up problem solving flow holiday, provides an inexpensive and robust security.
The present invention is carried out on the Ethernet OAM protocol for the efficient supplemental, improves the reliability of the Ethernet carrier network and maintainability, ensures that the intermediate node whether on the two switched environment, or in a three-layer switched environment does not drop packets.
A wireless network aggregate transmission methods, systems, and apparatus applied to communication techniques.
The present invention is capable of using the average transmission signal quality at the receiving end.
The client, respectively, via the communications server with the query server and the global server connected by a communication server query server connected to the global server.
The present invention discloses a transport stream, a method and system for smooth splicing, wherein, said method comprising: inserting the transport stream or, taken at the splice point when inserted into the carrying a clock sync reference and a timestamp of one or a plurality of transport packets, or, at the splice point in the transport packets of the first subsequent insertion of the reference clock synchronization.
The present invention avoids the Doherty amplifier peak branch is turned on in advance the disadvantage of reducing the power consumption of the peak amplifier, increasing the overall efficiency of the batch Doherty amplifier.
The invention relates to a variable rate signal processing methods, devices and systems.
Signal transmission rod through the cover plate and then through the vias of the circuit board.
The present invention also provides a is provided with the above artificial microstructure of superabsorbent material.
The present method 科学合理, not only accurate calculations of the motor vehicle mileage, but is also implemented in the remote monitoring system for automotive platform real-time remote monitoring of the mileage.
The present invention discloses a Multiple Input Multiple Output (MIMO) antenna, comprising: more than two antenna, the feed system, a matching circuit, and a printed circuit board (PCB), the antenna further comprises: a metal member; said metal member is a dangling placed in between adjacent two of said antenna or the outer side; the metal component for the antenna as a reflector or a director.
CMFTS is connected via a switch to an IP backbone network with CMF CMFTS between, a mixer, an optical transmitter, a photoelectric conversion node, an up-converter, an optical receiver, and upstream of the dispenser.
Application of the present invention is able to conserve mobile communication traffic information and to enhance the transmission success rate.
The present invention relates to the field of the communication technology, there is disclosed a method, device, and call communication system.
The present invention discloses a data download the method, system and terminal.
The present invention accordingly also discloses a de-rate matching deinterleaving system.
In the embodiment of the present invention, may be set by the user is allowed or prohibited LIPA LIPA connected by a network connection, and lateral root data for user settings can be initiated LIPA LIPA connection establishment and handover occurs during connection of the corresponding processing is carried out, thereby increasing the use of the user experience.
According to embodiments of the present invention provides a method and apparatus for managing traffic management by using a centralized management means such that the script is performed independently of the traffic management unit plate to give a flow rate can be uniform, centralized scheduling, thereby efficiently managing can be uniformly distributed at different each other on one board may be associated with a data stream, in order to meet the demands of the traffic management.
The present invention provides a resource scheduling method, a user equipment and a base station.
The hydrogen fuel cell of the present invention increases the efficiency of power generation, reduces cost, and increased the life.
Wherein, the method comprising: providing one or more nodes of the one or more polymerization into a port trunked DLAG DLAG; implementing a distributed by the elasticity of the network interface.
By PCHCH indicates PDCCH, reducing or avoiding the LTE local area network to a terminal in a blind detection process on the PDCCH is achieved for indoor hot spot of the LTE coverage scenario, downlink control information for a transmitting, receiving and monitoring, thereby achieving a low overhead, fast rate and high reliability of transmission.
The present invention discloses a mobile terminal is prevented from being illegally breaking the locking mesh is a method, the method comprising: upon being unlocked may need to be performed in the background, the mobile terminal to the server sends a lock request 起解; the server receives the request, after unlocking information according to the judgment of whether or not to allow the mobile terminal according to the determination result is unlocked, the unlocking or corresponding 不解 lock operation.
Embodiments of the present invention there is provided a tag dispensing method and device belongs to the field of communications.
The apparatus comprises: constructing a setup module, a determination module and the positioning module. The system comprises: a monitoring server and the user terminal. The present invention can reduce the cost of operation.
Embodiments of the present invention discloses a personal web combining method and apparatus and a personal web has a resolution method and apparatus of the scheme.
The invention is applicable to the operation of the train.
By the present invention, the TDD simultaneously to reduce the noise and interference when FM interference reduction is required, in turn, enhances the user experience.
It has a low mass, thin thickness and electromagnetic parameter can be readily adjusted advantages.
The present invention achieves the real dynamic configuration of the ONU's upstream FEC function, it is possible to increase the maximum upstream bandwidth utilization.
By the above described method and system, so that the spectrum plan has configurability, random access and introduces the frequency spectrum, and a unique combination of load balancing and user fairness, lifting the cell edge throughput, and in particular can also greatly raised against throughput of the user after the ranking of the throughput.
The present invention also discloses that the corresponding system.
The detected symbols comprises: determining that the detected symbols, as well as with the control information modulation constellation points; according to the detected symbols, and detects the symbols with control information modulation constellation point judges whether or not the carries the control information.
The present invention discloses a multiple input multiple output of multi-user scheduling method, the method comprising: subjecting a user within a cell are grouped according to their frequency offset, such that each set of all users within the frequency deviation value satisfies the predetermined condition; and for the user are paired together, such that the users in the same user belonging to the same packet.
The radio base station via a wired terminal device and a wired network, and a wireless network through a wired network is connected to the core network.
The present invention discloses a transmission resource control signalling notification method and a location of the terminal.
The method comprises: receiving end according to the information type and level attribute establishes a Cartesian space; is a Cartesian space values are set for each set of packets corresponding to at least one of alerting pattern; receiving the new information, in accordance with said information acquisition attribute types and levels of the corresponding packet prompt manner under the new information prompt.
The present invention discloses a queuing scheduling policy of the handover method and apparatus.
Since the uplink can be cyclically shifted frequency hopping is configured so that it can be sent to the user equipment is user equipment configuration upstream cyclic shift frequency hopping.
By the present invention, the mobile terminal only needs to be compatible with the service terminator for the upgrading of software can be achieved, the LBS service associated with good versatility, and it is possible to reduce the cost of similar services, further generalized LBS service usage of the mobile terminal, the mobile terminal may be used to increase the accessibility and user experience.
According to the present invention can be implemented to automatically update of contact information.
The present methods and systems, it is possible to avoid the terminal fails to normal use of the service script may be used.
Wherein a data card is connected network, a method comprising: data on the card to the host after using the Ethernet interface protocol, the data card to be mapped to the network-enabled devices; said data acquisition card dialled information using the dialled information, to request for dial-up connection to network; the network-enabled devices for communication between the host and the network.
The method is: embodiment of the present invention, the network side for different sources of interference, the user device is configured with multiple interference measurement RE set, and indicates that the user equipment is selected according to the actual application environment, the interference measurement RE set adapted for interference measurements.
The present invention discloses a handset and its data processing method.
The main power amplifier means for employing a high electron mobility transistor (HEMT) device for signal power amplification.
Configured in advance in the built-in AP channel occupation period, each channel occupancy period comprises a first period, the first period includes the AP occupy the channel phase.
A log record management method, comprising: periodically detecting the cache, the cache is detected when there is a log record, to report the log record; and, when a cache of log records is equal to the number is greater than the log record number has been reported to have to report the log record number is the ratio of the report log entries in the cache.
The present invention discloses a multimedia message of interception system and method.
Embodiments of the present invention the visualization of the IP-based voice mail implemented method and system implemented by the socket connection, so that the VVM VVM services based on IP traffic may be implemented on a terminal device.
The present invention is able to reduce a correlation between the individual antenna elements, ensuring that the array antenna having better omnidirectional radiation characteristics, as well as facilitate the design of the terminal equipment miniaturization.
Embodiments of the present invention discloses a north bound interface based on the service implemented method and apparatus for network management system now optical data units by the north bound interface ODU0 rate traffic are managed.
The present invention relates to a superconducting material and methods of making the rf antenna.
The present invention discloses a method of detecting control information to activate and equipment.
In the present invention play window created video is playing in the acquired video, so that the user can use the instant communications client's while playing the video system, implementing a video playback and instant communications client integrated, to improve the user experience.
The present invention discloses a video surveillance system and method.
The invention is capable of identifying the source network and destination network identity agent is translated into the source network identifier can be multiplexed.
The user account for the authentication module based on the user account management table, the sender of the relevant user account information to authenticate the conforming to intercept the condition of the user account associated with the sender is intercepted.
Using the techniques of the present invention improves the E1 protocol, resource utilization of the time slots, thereby reducing the E1 transmission of communication traffic signaling is the probability of occurrence of an abnormality.
The present invention a method for acquisition of image correction coefficients, non-uniform image correction method and system, compared to conventional prior art, do not need to be zeroed flap.
The customer edge devices of the first port and the third port of the switching apparatus, the customer edge devices connected to the second port and the fourth port of the switching device is connected.
Embodiments of the present invention provides a hot spot cell coverage of a data transmission method, comprising:
The present invention may be implemented using a variety of user access way may each have a normal access identity with the location identity separate networks, and each may be independently access manner between the originating service, traffic stream does not conflict with each other.
Embodiments of the present invention relates to a distributed antenna system monitoring system.
The present invention provides an electronic device having a USB interface and a USB communication initiation process found in the prior art to solve a charger with a USB communication sharing a common interface is likely to cause damage to the handset terminal equipment problems.
A system and method according to the invention may be in the wireless access network does not require multiple system core network involved in case, the resulting destination system key.
According to this method can effectively updates out-of-order out-of-order condition in depth, is effective to ensure that the robustness of the present compression strategy, it also is effective to compromise the efficiency of compression.
Capable of real time monitoring of the mailbox account of safety, the protection of the mailbox account of safety.
Convergence is achieved for the transmission of a wireless network.
The present invention discloses a mobile terminal is presented on a method and apparatus for traffic information.
The present invention provides a traffic load distribution methods, apparatus and communication system.
The present invention reduces the cable connector and the insertion loss of the RF front end device, it is possible to ensure low insertion loss requirements.
Since the modified settings according to unlock the information item.
Using the disclosed methods and apparatus to increase the data transmission rate of the built-in AP.
The present invention provides a power margin report trigger method and apparatus, the method comprising: in a power margin report after the timer has timed out, the user device based on a user device power management effects triggering the user equipment sends power margin reports; wherein the user equipment is user equipment power management effects caused by power managing power change value.
An embodiment of the present invention provide a value added service implemented within a video server and a system, method, and the current play video by creating an event associated with playback of video data, resulting in a close correlation value added service content and enhance the value-added service with a video, the associations of the value-added service which is optimized with the video of the matching.
Embodiments are also provided by the present invention is a method and apparatus for the incoming call, the user can be prompted ring or a ring tone as an audio file in the playlist directory on a ring tone, when playback condition is satisfied, the random playing audio files in this Playlist, thus obviating the need for the user to repeatedly setting an incoming ring signal or to prompt the trouble of the ring tone.
The queue management means includes an acquisition module, a decision module, the messaging module and a message caching module.
The present invention discloses a service communication methods, apparatus, and system.
The present invention discloses a frequency offset estimation method and apparatus, the method comprising: obtaining a receive side physical over all antennas in the resource unit on the pilot subcarriers of a received signal; determining that all antenna using the received signal at a frequency offset of the physical resource unit according to a predetermined algorithm, using a physical resource units to determine the frequency offset of the frequency deviation of the receiving end.
, in turn, reduces the effect of the existing network.
The present invention provides a different format in the method of performing reselection between the networks and terminal.
The present invention discloses a method of implementing a community in combination.
The present invention discloses a suitable for use in the WiMAX interleaving or deinterleaving of implementation of the method.
Said method comprising: a base station to a terminal is in a connected state of the originating service sends a disable the indication information is in a connected state, the terminal initiates a service according to the disabling of the indication information is performed or not performed, initiates operation of the service.
The backlight management module connected to the backlight.
The solutions described above can reduce capacity value is sent, to achieve high capacity value.
Embodiments of the present invention there is provided a timing signal, a test method and apparatus relating to the test field of technology.
The application of the inventive method when the CNU newly installed, does not need to know in which one of the CNUs CBAT connected at the authentication server, but need only be increased in global white list of the identification information of the CNU. E. g.
The present invention provides a method for user authentication and authorization system is achieved.
The present invention can be implemented in the radio access network while in a first format to a second format communication and communication.
The present invention is easily extended and at a low cost.
By the present invention, reduce the network congestion rate.
The present invention discloses a registration method, system and device registration, belongs to the field of wireless communications.
The volume of the present invention may be controlled within a very small range, and which is carried by the voltage does not detrimental to the human body.
The present invention enables a is in a discontinuous reception state of a user equipment to a longer period listens to the PDCCH, thereby enabling the user equipment more power savings.
The present invention also discloses an interworking gateway device.
The present invention proposes a P2P file based on the distribution system and slicing method.
The present invention proposes a security access network WAPI method, device, and system through a dual authentication, enhanced WAPI network access security.
Accordingly, the base station receives the base station control device transmits a PRACH parameters, according to the PRACH parameters allow judges whether or not the corresponding user equipment in a cell for random access.
The present invention discloses a interference measurements of the reference information notice method, an interference measurement method and apparatus, the base station notifies the terminal interference measurement reference information, with reference to the information specified in the interference measurement is measured using interference of the reference signal, and/or interference measured reference resource location.
Discloses an entropy decoding method and apparatus.
The broadband network policy server, to the home gateway device for delivering local access control list information.
The access controller, comprising establishing a module, a lookup module and a transmit module.
The decision block by the voltage detecting module measured voltage values identifying different types of transmission lines, and is different from the control module to implement the adaptation of the transmission line.
The present invention discloses a configuration method and apparatus of the cell information.
Embodiments of the present invention provides a wireless communication apparatus comprising: at least one baseband interface module for forwarding the received HTML commands; a baseband module for use by said baseband interface module receives the HTML command, the received HTML command into a programmable language commands, and according to the programmable language commands to perform operations.
Embodiments of the present invention is capable of effecting a malfunction occurs in the IP network for accurate positioning of the link.
The medium access control chip set to: store the uplink data and the corresponding uplink data and a clock signal.
Embodiments of the present invention provides a generic authentication architecture at a user equipment authentication method and the authentication device.
To solve the prior art cannot flexible configuration operation management service attributes and the problem of the invention.
In the prior art, at any instant, the TCP directly from the server to the client via the forwarding device, it saves the server to forward the bandwidth between devices and, in turn, reduce the network congestion, increasing the network resource utilization.
By employing the present invention does not need to be able to again the user searches for channel, receives the buddy class directly on cells and save favorite channels to its own channel. Similarly, if the user changes, a new handset may also be stored on the primary handset to its own favorite channel shared by the value of the channel as a new handset.
The invention also provides a means to control the transmitter of a frame.
The present invention discloses a implement multicast protection method and apparatus.
A multi-view coding code stream transmission method, apparatus and system.
The base station comprises the means.
The central control node (CCP) base station serving the user according to the font information and/or service information, is to use the same segment spectrum after assigning a weight of each of the base stations, each base station calculates the maximum transmit power.
By the present invention, in the related art is solved by a mobile terminal in the HRPD network is completely autonomous reselection of the iso-system network, thereby alleviating the problems in the network load is reached, reduce the network cost of operation, to maximise the effect of user quality of service guarantee.
During the random access preamble code, determines a transmission power control method and system.
The present invention also discloses a broad frequency by the aforementioned dual polarized antenna array of radiating elements.
The present invention discloses an intelligent network service is implemented in a narrow band wideband playback method and system and a corresponding device.
The downstream data processing unit for receiving the radio frequency signal, filtering, demodulation and demapping the ONU output data of the corresponding wavelet bands.
The present invention achieves the inter-cell interference information to achieve an interaction effect.
One aspect of the invention, on the other hand, the compression ratio can be raised compression speed can be raised.
The present invention discloses a maintenance parameter for the encryption and decryption method and apparatus that belongs to information security domain.
The plurality of bearer networks each bearer networks in the plane of the plane are each configured with a unique number, a separate routing address space for routing.
A high interference indication information is generated, a method and system.
The present invention discloses a correct/error response message transmission method of implementing the terminal and configured for resolving and employs multiple serving cells PUCCH format 3 feedback ACK/NACK is received, where only the terminal to a primary serving cell of the PDSCH, how the problem of ACK/NACK feedback.
By the invention improves the operating efficiency and performance of the system.
Embodiments of the present invention is principally applicable to the network dynamically allocated to the user terminal in the course of the physical channel resources.
The communication system comprises a transmitting device and the receiving device, an ID server or ID network as well as the conventional communication networks.
The present invention provides a method of synchronizing a plurality of media streams, devices and systems.
When the user equipment is configured with a dedicated channel, when the decision by a radio network controller and transmitted to the Node B for the uplink of the activation/deactivation of closed loop transmit diversity, and the user plane of the frame by a radio network controller to the user equipment sends decisions and for activating/deactivating the uplink closed-loop transmit diversity control commands.
In the present invention carrier polymeric scenario, the UE first acquires the ACK/NACK is required to send a response message, and then calculates the bit sequence in PUSCH transmitted on the ACK/NACK response information bit sequence of the required number of coded modulation symbols transmitted on PUSCH, and finally in the ACK/NACK response information.
Employing aspects of the present invention, the user may set the priority of the various access way to allow users to access a most preferred manner for communications.
The present invention discloses a delay difference correction method and system, both the measurable delay differences between different AP to obtain a delay difference between the calibration information, thereby adjusting the different data transmission of the AP.
Based on the present embodiments provide a technical solution at a predetermined position by the nulled sub-carrier with the indication information is loaded on a corresponding predetermined symbols that may be utilized to deliver the nulled sub-carrier indicating information, thereby eliminating the need to send additional signaling, so that not only can save overhead, may also increase the subcarrier utilization efficiency.
The present invention discloses an antenna comprising coils and the coil support.
Since the power margin is reported for the downlink subframe to the current configuration of the cell and the activated with possible to employ virtual transmission format that cell information is obtained, the pH of the pH helps to base station information for subsequent scheduling.
At the same time, the present invention does not require the network management service personnel involved in excess to personnel, lowers the requirement of personnel cost and saves the.
Using the methods and devices of the present invention, the user may be provided with a complete call state information, is advantageous for lifting the user experience.
Said method comprising: in a tunnel on the two end points of the path, the same apparatus is a plurality of pieces of the tunnel was created tunnel cluster; the tunnel cluster management entity group bound to the detected on the physical link; the abnormality, the managing entity sets the current detection state notification tunnel cluster, the cluster is detected according to the state of the tunnel batch processing is completed.
During a conference call, the media gateway controller, according to the control information transmitted by the terminal, and providing the terminal with the corresponding control function of the conference call; wherein the control information includes a microphone muted control information, and/or the sound volume adjustment control information.
By aspects of the present invention overcomes prior art due to the base station and the user equipment is not synchronous periodic indication information is effected in a corresponding periodicity is caused by the resource data is error retransmission problems, thereby reducing the interruption delay.
The present invention discloses a radio frequency resource scheduling control method and apparatus.
Embodiments of the present invention implements a set of carriers, the switching of the operation mode to increase system capacity.
Taking into account the Fast Handover procedure in channels transmitted in advance of the time to join a multicast request, the server sends a unicast stream so as to shorten the time, saving of processing power, reduce the deployment costs.
The present invention also discloses a wideband dual polarized base station antenna, by a plurality of said dual polarized radiation elements are linearly arranged.
The present invention discloses a data routing method, the mobile terminal (UE) of a fixed network access by the trusted mobile core network.
The above 微博 wall display method and system, a computer storage medium provided by taking a 微博 presentation of messages according to the specified time duration, and pull 微博 message, the control of the display time of 微博 message, can advantageously prevents confusion may occur upon presentation 微博 message.
Each row of a first row is deployed at least one start of line switch.
The present invention discloses a method and apparatus to delete the traffic flow.
There is also provided a network side equipment, the customer premise equipment and resource allocation indicator system.
When the battery pack is rotated about said axis, said battery cartridge away from or towards the bottom of the wireless communications terminal.
An encoding method and apparatus and a decoding method and apparatus and a codec system.
By the present invention enhances the user experience.
A multi-antenna data transmission method and system.
To facilitate and integrated circuit process compatible, and encapsulation process fabrication process to increase the signal to noise ratio of the small size of the normalized, device performance is good and the high interference immunity.
The method provides an effective acquires the resources necessary for the uplink transmit data, a solution can be applied to no uplink transmission resources of the scene.
The present invention accordingly also discloses a UE.
By the present invention, implementing a plurality of spectral polymerization system, increasing the spectral efficiency of the communication system.
Using the present invention, can be implemented in the mobile RN during movement of the mobile RN is configured DeNB or DonorCell.
The present invention can implement a content exchange slewing forwarding.
The substrate structure and methods of forming same.
The present invention achieves the access sub-channels in different cells, between the base stations of a time division multiplex resource constrained operations when the base station can support, increasing the number of cells.
The present invention discloses a networking environment, a method for identifying access method and a base station.
The first system is an enterprise Attendant system and the second system is a corporate office system, or wherein the first system is a corporate office system and the second system is an enterprise Attendant system.
In the embodiment of the present invention, the slave device technique can be implemented in the time synchronization process on-line time synchronization, do not have to be compensated by the manual operation is performed to compensate for time synchronization.
The system comprising: a first subsystem and a second subsystem.
By the present invention in the related art, to solve the cell location information of the UE obtains the present time delay, Service Impacting experience problems, which in turn provides an service experience.
The present invention reduces the feedback delay of uplink control information, to improve the uplink resource utilization.
The present invention is able to implement the processing capabilities of the user equipment perform scheduling is low, not only effectively reduces the cost of the user device, but also allows for a more efficient resource scheduling, contributing to the widespread use of this type of user device.
Obtained by this process is a class of graphene doped lithium ion battery positive material not only have a high electrical conductivity and specific capacity is obtained, and the cycle performance is greatly increased.
The method comprising: first establishing at least two user terminals, respectively, and then transmits the local clock of the at least two user terminals respectively are tuned to the local clock of last synchronization; each of said user terminals based on the synchronization of local clock, after a predetermined time in the respective target point toward the head end of the uplink transmission OFDM symbols.
Communication of data is achieved.
A mobile communication system, comprising: a wireless local area network and the core network, said wireless local area network comprises a wireless local area network access point of the wireless local area network access point, by the mobility management entity access to the core network.
The present invention mail address information, a security method and apparatus by means of the sender's mail address is replaced by a security group address, the sender's mail address information security is achieved.
The terminal comprises: two spaces, a first processing module, the first processing unit and a second processing unit.
The method comprising: a first cell interference in the network element determines that the transmission resources are sensitive to a position in which the interfering transmission resources that are sensitive to the position of the first cell includes: a transmission resource control signaling in position; the first cell belongs to a network element sensitive transmission will interfere with the location of the resource information to the second cell belongs to a network element.
The electronic lock (4) comprises a setting in the cover (2) of the locking groove (3), arranged in a compartment body (1) with said locking groove (3) snap locking of the locking means (7), drives the locking means (7) to the action of the locking groove (3) to the fastening of the controller, the controller signal it to drive the locking means (7) of the remote control actions.
The present invention provides a method of implementing a service mapping and device.
There is also provided an Ethernet protection switching implementation of the system.
The present application relates to wireless communications art embodiment, particularly relates to a method for interference coordinated scheduling method and apparatus, the present in the prior art to address the center when scheduling a user equipment has originally assigned to the edge might take up the resources of the user equipment, thereby reducing edge user device's performance problems.
The method allows the receiving end receives multimedia data, the multimedia data simplifies the processing.
The present invention also discloses a data message, the forwarding device employing the present invention is capable of rapidly increasing the speed of the forwarding of the data message.
The terminal and method embodying the present invention, the terminal to support multiple access technology, and may be selected according to the need to access the appropriate access technology in a communication network, in this manner, the access terminal capable of implementing various wireless mobile communication technology provides in the network, thereby lifting the user experience.
To obtain key performance indicators discloses a method and apparatus for acquiring, to provide an effective for determining method of the QoE key performance indicators.
The present invention discloses a signaling tracking or user equipment to measure the start method and apparatus for tracking or measurement to be solved for a particular object is achieved, there is no suitable means for signaling the tracking or measurement of the relevant user equipment initiates a technical problem.
In the EVDO cellular base station is the source node, the two wireless local area network base station as a relay node, the user terminal as the destination node, EVDO cellular base station transmits signals to the two wireless local area network access point AP, the AP by two wireless local area network are forwarded to the user terminal.
The present invention discloses a network device and a terminal device.
The charging system includes a rectifier module with the charging module.
The present invention discloses a mobile terminal, the mobile terminal comprising: a thermochromic layer, said chromic layer provided in the mobile terminal housing surface, said chromic layer at different temperatures for different colors to be displayed, and the temperature control module, the temperature control module is disposed within said mobile terminal, said temperature control module connecting said chromic layer, the temperature control module of the thermochromic layer applied.
The present invention provides a downstream inter-cell interference coordination method and system.
Embodiments of the present invention discloses a multiple homologous data received by the combined method and apparatus.
Using the present invention, may be a handheld user provide a more novel and advantageous lifestyle, is a virtual network, the relay chat, and instant social network of real life extension. The user may not only with the buddy unimpeded through the Internet, more of the alternating current may be removed in a real life is found to be true in the hand and search a buddy.
The present invention relates to a composite conductive electrode and its manufacturing method, which belongs to a vanadium battery fabrication art.
The present invention provides a multiple network access system and the multimode wireless terminal.
Preferably, the cascading filters in both the time domain filter also has a spatial filter.
Using the present invention address the prior art time offset and frequency offset estimate is calculated at the operation amount is large, and the problem of incorrect.
According to the present invention, by carrying out the scheme provided in the PC side of the lock management software for the terminal and a smart card of the locking or unlocking operation, according to the needs of the operator, to be flexibly configured bindings or releases the bindings, easily and quickly subjected to lock or unlock the lock, satisfying the bulk terminal and a smart card locking or unlocking requirements.
The invention solves the core network determines that the local access region of support of the problem.
To avoid interference between the terminal mode of a method and system for voice and data traffic, it is possible to avoid a splatter between, enhancing the user's satisfaction.
Embodiments of the invention described above may be utilized for access to the mobile network device the authentication server returns the success of the EAP response message and the user device is assigned an IP address, is sent to the access server.
Using the present invention, as compared to the prior art, it is possible to reduce the burden on signalling of the network.
Downloading system comprising: a mobile terminal and a proxy server is downloaded.
In the present invention, but not to primary gateway fails during normal operation, one of which may be made from the gateway is used instead of the primary gateway from the gateway, from which operates as a master gateway, the wireless sensor networks and its associated traffic is operational, the plurality of gateway is configured so as to increase the reliability of the network of the wireless sensor.
The server to perform the steps comprising: receiving from the remote device is a desktop information, and sending the desktop information is transmitted to the remote device, receiving from the remote device to the operations performed by the remote device information, and transmits the operating information to the remote device.
The present invention can be in a case the user does not perceive, causing it to add more group, while allowing the members of the group to which it is added do not benefit from the user, and a lease fee is charged.
The present invention discloses a traffic flow dynamic regulation method.
Theoretically have an infinite resistance.
The antenna device comprising: a PCB substrate (1), and an antenna body (10), said antenna body (10) is of unitary construction, by means of at least two mounting securing element (15) and a connection point of the antenna body itself is fixedly connected to the PCB substrate (1).
Setting the lock closed net functions to unlock such simpler to implement.
This apparatus comprises a secondary power amplifier device and the main power amplifier device.
The present invention can provide the user with the 3 G mobile services and LAN, WLAN access, it is possible to meet the user's network access requirements of the various devices, and without the need for extra addition device.
The telephony module by contact with the sensing module, respectively, with the backlight management module and a touch screen management module is connected.
The present invention provides a domain name system and provide load balancing method.
The present invention discloses an antenna impedance matching means and methods.
A method of transmitting a paging message, the base station controller.
The present invention provides a visual communication implemented method and the terminal.
The present invention discloses a pileup digitized waveform processing method and system.
By pressing the fastener to secure fastening of the height can be achieved, steplessly adjustable in height can be adjusted arbitrarily in height can be achieved.
The present invention discloses a wireless communication system, a network device and a terminal device.
The asymmetrical antenna comprises a first feed line and the first piece of sheet metal.
A multi-channel headphones ceramic horn structure, comprising mainly located in the housing as well as different domain of the cabinet and is a thin ceramic horn.
Said method comprising: a mobile terminal determines to meet preset of the unlocked condition, the itself after a feature code is sent to the network server, the mobile terminal receives the unlock code transmitted from the network server, the network server by the unlock code using a predetermined encryption scheme to the obtained after said feature code is encrypted.
The proxy server receives the client request message is created according to a description of the application information in the application context, the client request message is added after the application context according to the application and the application server, a corresponding relationship between a client request message is distributed to the corresponding application is an application server.
The identity of the location register functions, without extensive due to simple deployment is completely used can be one or more of the servers, further reducing cost.
The display of the terminal interface method and the terminal.
The management means includes a receive module and the dispensing module.
By the present invention, the MTC device implementing a security protection of the triggering procedure, while ensuring the MTC device and the MTC server is able to establish a secure connection.
The present invention also discloses a layered structure based on an uplink control system.
The present invention discloses a passive optical network (PON) terminal device alarm management method and apparatus.
The present invention discloses methods and apparatus for signal detection.
The technical solution according to the present invention, it is possible to provide an arbitrary rate traffic automatically mapped to OTN, thereby effectively increasing the flexibility of the traffic is mapped.
The present invention provides a terminal front shell of the housing and the terminal, and wherein said predetermined areas of the housing is embedded near field communication (NFC) antenna.
The connecting device comprises: a first interface, the second interface and the isolation unit.
The present invention is solved by the above technique in the prior art due to the IP address conflict, only the IP address of the same respective terminal serial upgrade technical problem.
According to the invention, it is possible to obtain a good port isolation characteristics and good cross-polarization discrimination rate, and has a simple structure, a compact and high performance advantages of low cost and easy to manufacture, easy installation and assembly.
SCell can ensure that the PRACH channel on a valid access, while maximizing ensure that other Cell on a plurality of upstream channels and efficient transmission of signals for a plurality of uplink channel or signal transmitted at the same time providing efficient solution.
The solution of the invention may be a relatively low cost greatly enhanced under the conditions of a conditional access system (CAS) of security.
Since the present invention embodiments in the cell over the air interface will be sent to the control signaling from the neighbor cells is a cell The downlink traffic demand ratio is dynamically changes, it is capable of acquiring the configuration information of the neighbor, improving system performance.
The present invention discloses a method for transmitting uplink acknowledge information and device.
The present invention also discloses an identity and a location separated data encapsulation method and to a separate network identity and location in the LER device.
To provide a feedback signal to interference and noise ratio, of the method and apparatus can be used effectively to CQI Feedback SINR.
Using this technical solution, the complexity of the system is reduced, increasing the maintainability.
The present invention provides a terminal, the terminal calls the function of the method and apparatus.
A video communication terminal according to the present invention automatically track the user's face.
The present invention provides a resilient interconnection network interface, the implementation of the method and system.
The present invention provides a method for the prediction of the codec, when it has been determined, it is only necessary according to the reference pixel is obtained from the reference pixel value, avoiding out-of-order or the occurrence of the error.
The present invention also corresponding discloses a mobile terminal implementation using care and means for warning.
Low cost can be achieved by the present invention, a D/A converter.
Embodiments of the present invention relates to a cluster on-line charging method and apparatus.
Embodiments of the present invention discloses a management method and device of the user device.
The present invention solves the carriers of the effective polymerization scenario ACK/NACK response information sent on the PUSCH problem.
When using the present invention, it is possible to avoid the highest priority access traffic requirement is relatively large, since the network capacity is limited due to the highest priority access to a service while failure has occurred.
The present invention streaming media forward error correction implementation method and system may facilitate the streaming media forward error correction.
The present invention discloses a load prediction method, device, and the energy saving control communication system, is related to the energy saving art, capable of increasing the load prediction accuracy, better energy saving effect is obtained.
Embodiments of the present invention is mainly used for the communication devices in the network of energy saving scheduling.
The user may be provided as a simultaneous transmission of multiple data streams.
According to the method comprising: to be interleaved or to be deinterleaved packet length acquires the raw data of the interleaving matrix column factor; according to the interleaving matrix column factor, in combination with the interleaving address compression table read and write control address is calculated, the interleaving or deinterleaving operation.
Further, the present invention is mixing microwave absorbing material increases the microwave absorbing material has a microwave absorbing properties.
The terminal for integrated management system through a first communication protocol for application to interact with the home gateway management, control information of the terminal.
The present application discloses a connection setup method and device for establishing a long term evolution of local area network LTE-LAN system for a connection between the UE and the network.
The invention through use of the activation time of the negotiation, may ensure that the single user equipment of the radio frequency transceiver for combined transmission, long increase the data transmission rate.
By the approach of the invention, it is possible to accurately and quickly determines that the MIMO antenna radiate an electromagnetic field of a spherical outer space information, for any complicated IMO antenna, the equivalent efficiency, is the same as the root mean square error is relatively small, with great versatility.
The present invention also discloses a triggering system of the terminal.
For the conventional quantization feedback manner there is a quantization error, and the feedback information does not completely the problems, the present scheme in a quantization on the basis of feedback concept, it is proposed that a complete set of specific processing algorithms and processes.
The present invention also provides a corresponding device, and said device includes a communication system.
The present invention provides a turbo decoding result output method and apparatus, the method comprising: placing a to code stored in units of the block CB of the turbo decoding result is read into the shift register in parallel; according to the CB, information related to the selection of a tap position of the parallel shift registers for data concatenation; controlling the output of the splicing results.
Embodiments of the present invention relates to the field of wireless communication technology, particularly relates to a wireless communication device and its method of operating present in the prior art to address the wireless communications device is not high extensibility and versatility of the problem.
The present invention also discloses a WiMAX suitable for implementation of the interleaving or deinterleaving means.
The present invention discloses a virtual terminal system.
Apparatus comprising the acquisition module, the fitting module and the emulation module.
This is achieved by a quartz fiber with a serial port signal of the optical signal is converted to each other so that the user is more convenient to perform remote control center and network data between the terminal device and, in particular, the exchange of information with the LED lamp is achieved with the remote control signal for the data transmission, and more effectively provide for remote monitoring.
The charging system further comprises a DC charging management module.
The present invention discloses a control machine type communication (MTC) terminal, a method of transmitting and receiving data.
Application of the invention to improve the security of the network terminal, a terminal side and to conserve resources.
The present invention discloses an optical line terminal, the optical network unit, a passive optical network, the uplink bandwidth allocation method and rate adaptation method.
The present invention advantageously from this new users of the web does not substantially affect the completed under the conditions used, the switching service providing the convenience for the user.
In the embodiment of the present invention is initiated in a connection setup request message carrying the different conditions and corresponding under conditions such that a bandwidth request information on the label switched path, the node itself can be based on the characteristics of the reserved bandwidth information, to ensure that the link reliability for the premise that the bandwidth utilization of resources can be maximized.
The present invention also provides a multicast key with a corresponding secure update method of multicast key for a secure update system, the optical line termination OLT and optical network units ONU.
By the approach of the invention, it is possible to solve the time available in the trigger information in the SMS message at an SMS, can be provided through a network node of the problem of how to process.
The present invention discloses a maintenance center in the operation of the base station is configured to implement a routing method.
The present invention provides a miniature antenna radiating elements.
The present invention improves the performance of the system, and an increase in channel quality information calculation accuracy.
The present invention can be prepared by reducing the particle size of the resources may be scheduled to take full advantage of server resources, each object is achieved.
In the present invention was found by looking up the table entry to the MAC table of the check code to the VSI with look-up table entry is different in the check code is considered to be the MAC table has expired, so that the message is a broadcast within the domain in the VSI away in time, so that the message can be forwarded to the corresponding user, service is not interrupted.
It has a simple structure is compact, small footprint, the secure protective good, facilitating the mounting of the flash, the environment suitability for the environment is good, does not have a detrimental effect on et al. advantages.
The method comprising: acquiring a base station device transmits user equipment of a time division duplex uplink/downlink TDDUL/DL configuration information, said TDDUL/DL configuration information to said user equipment reside as a primary cell polymerization of other cells of TDDUL/DL, or configuration information of the user equipment of the target cell for handover TDDUL/DL configuration information.
Embodiments of the present invention antenna through the double reflecting surfaces in the central region of the radome secondary reflective surface that is positioned in between the feeder and the secondary reflecting surface can be unobstructed, to reduce transmission losses increase hyperboloid operating efficiency of the antenna, but also the present embodiments of the antenna, the double reflecting surfaces is simple in structure.
The present invention also discloses an implementation of the above process is a system access evolved packet system.
The efficacy of the present invention using the radiation, i.e., after the deployment in the assembly of the first radiant arrangement and the second radiating structure linked to reach a miniaturized and compromise the radiation efficiency.
The present invention discloses a bulk data transfer method and apparatus.
The present invention provides an intercom remote query, implementing a method and system for controlling and implementing intercom remote query of the current parameter or a remote control function.
Method comprising: when the mobile terminal is in a first communication service, the mobile switching center cache of the second communication service trigger paging the mobile terminal paging message; in said mobile terminal after the end of the first communication service, the mobile switching center to the mobile terminal sends the paging message.
This way of altruism can be configured for the corporate user brings great ease and boon VPN service, and is capable of providing convenience, the expanded the use of VPN services.
The present invention enables the multimedia message in the case of an unreachable, the receiving party is also able to receive message to the sender of the message cannot be reached, avoids the loss caused by the user, and thus achieves improved multimedia message transmission, securing the timeliness of communicating user unobstructed.
In the present invention, may be the size of the file to be read and write according to a modification of the file is automatically, the shortening of the effective transmission rate with the calling card read and write time for large file
According to the present invention is allocated in the authorization, and the input flow rate determination authorization surplus removal coefficient and the renewal authorizing the surplus, can be better to use the Packet transmission bandwidth resources.
According to the embodiment of the present invention, the classification of the KPI's are obtained during the course of a single user communication data related to a characterization of the KPI's and, in turn, is determined based on the obtained data related to a single Tickets level data processing results.
The present invention provides a TDD system in the backhaul link (uplink feedback information processing method and system.
The light receiving processing unit receives the optical signal, which is converted into a radio frequency signal that is sent to the downlink data reception processing unit.
By the above method, is in a connected state of a common channel, the UE is moving between cells or RNC, at the UE moves to the target cell, or obtained by CELLUPDATE URAUPDATE process of a target cell, the timer T323 ensures that the effectiveness of the rapid sleep function.
One of the UEs CoMP access based on a method and system for multi- cell
A service delinquent control method, system, the service center and the real-time charging device
Paging Cell_ PCH state of the method and device of the user terminal
A battery protection device and the protection method
A reference signal of a root sequence group selection method and apparatus
A frequency domain resource profile position adjustment method and apparatus
Error control method, a transmitting end and a receiving end, the system
The mobile switching center of the IMS control point information acquisition method and system
A novel scissor leg structures using a computer key
The wireless link signals more soft combining method and apparatus
A method and apparatus for transmitting signals
The gateway device management system, a method and apparatus for initializing
The unicast data frame transmission method and apparatus
Queuing scheduling method and apparatus
A process for the production of semiconductor devices
The access method is heterologous to the system network and an access device, terminal
A synchronous motor inductance parameters identifying method and its implementation system
With the illumination with the display functionality of the OLED mirror
A correlator array and its implementation method
The message processing method, apparatus, and system
The terminal performs a PS handover to UTRAN EUTRAN method and system
A IVVR service function menu generating method and device of the
A neighbor report the measurement information to switch, a method and apparatus for
A reference signal of the channel state information processing method and system
The media message processing method, system and apparatus
Based on the multi-protocol label switching tunnel protecting group of the network implemented method and apparatus
The heat dissipation structure having a PCB panel and its processing method
A handover of a call access methods and apparatus
In the network for use in the method of equivalent path is determined, a network device and system
Management unit 3 circuit emulation method and apparatus
For a scheduling method and apparatus MU-MIMO
As a mobile relay node configuration of a donor cell or donor base station method and apparatus
A data transmission method, a wireless communication system, a destination node and the relay node
A printed circuit board as pullout block
A traffic bearer established method and system
For the analysis of the line of the method and apparatus of a crosstalk
A method and apparatus for short message monitoring
A semiconductor memory structure and a control method thereof
The label switched path establishing a method, apparatus, and system
A method of combining gain is obtained and the base station.
A method and apparatus for transmission of information
A link adaptation for implementation of the method, the terminal device and the network device
The method of selecting a gateway, implementing the apparatus and system
Broadband high-speed power line communication device remote
The multi-user wireless local area network in a method and apparatus for transmitting data
Message broadcasting method, the client and the system
Method and apparatus for fault protection
The implementation of the shortlist 微博 propagation method, terminal and system
A virtual machine migration method, a switch, a virtual machine system
OFDM and OFDMA system baseband residual frequency offset calculation method and apparatus
The message is transmitted on the bus in an a method, apparatus, and system
To access the contents of the transfer method and apparatus
The RTR veneer-based version upgrade method and apparatus
A single station mode upon power up of the base station methods, devices, and the base station
Service access method, apparatus, and system
A dynamic building networking method and machine
A remote presentation of media based on transmission method and system
A DC voltage supply
A frequency band from interference between carrier polymerization processes and means of
The method of accessing media content, the service server and the mobile terminal
USB virtual card access to a wireless network by means of a method, system and apparatus
A wireless link recovery method and apparatus
Communication implemented method and apparatus
A communications terminal in a plurality of network residing in a method and a communication terminal
The visualization of the IP-based voice mail implemented method and system
A wireless local area network user location information is acquired, a method and apparatus
A data routing method and system
A method and a system user to attach
A method of asset management system, base stations, and
Aquarium cultivation and household pets for a water heater
The hash calculation processing method and apparatus
The data transfer method, node and system
A mobile device communication method and mobile device
A user a notification method and system information
Spatial combining arrangement and respond to the information feedback method, system, and apparatus
A multiple protection superimposed protecting group realization method and apparatus
The reference signal for measuring a parameter of a multiple antenna configuration method and apparatus
The paging message is a method and apparatus for emitting multiple recrystallizations
To suppress out-of-band radiation methods, a receiver, a transmitter and a communication system
A portable terminal of power saving apparatus and method
Based on the information of the terminal display method, apparatus, and system
A message processing method and related apparatus
Cloud computing system of a media stream in a data transmission method and apparatus
Based on the subscription of the networked system and method
A lifting cloud computation mode voice or video transmission quality, a method and apparatus
Internet protocol television content sharing method, apparatus, and the terminal equipment
A two-wire dimmer circuit of the control method of the auxiliary source
TCP traffic and VoIP service processing methods, apparatus, and system
A dual polarized base station antenna radiating elements, and broadband
Mobile charger
A method of controlling an uplink closed-loop transmit diversity method and system
A 多制式 driving method, system and terminal
A variable rate signal processing methods, apparatus, and system
Butterfly filter coefficient setting method and apparatus, the receivers and receiving methods
A relay node handoff user device information is released in a method and system for
An adaptive equalization method and an adaptive equalizer
A portable terminal 3 D play
The radio resource control protocol connection establishment procedure, the user terminal and the base station
Value of the forwarding method, apparatus, system, and the receiving means value
A decoding method, device, and terminal
Positioning the home base station, a method and apparatus
LIPA connection for establishing a method, system, and apparatus
A method, listen to the simulation platform and communication system
A time division duplex system in a reply message transmission method and system
For data transmission in a back-off circuit domain of the method and apparatus
A source of energy management of the electric vehicle apparatus and method
Data storage method, apparatus, and system
Pattern matching of the authentication code generation method, the automatic configuration method, apparatus, and system
Two layers of traffic in the network processing methods and systems and equipment
The solar panel mount assembly and the mounting method
A user authentication and authorization method of implementing a system
The service gateway selection methods and apparatus
A power plant
Pool zone registration process in the mobile terminal and the access network entity
Network optimization flow control method, apparatus, and system
A cooperating precoding method, a cooperative interactive method and system information
Video conferencing, the method and device of the video resource management
A cellular network and intelligent network gateway, a power supply control method
An irregular divides a video coding mode selection method and apparatus
A method of fabricating a self-aligned thin film transistor
Electronic devices and their method of mounting the heatsink.
The three-phase 48 pulse rectifier transformer
In wireless local area network identification allocation method and apparatus
A supporting multiple uplink user device into the network is a process and apparatus to automatically identify the
The mobile communication network terminal
A data transmission methods, systems, and apparatus
A radio frequency front end circuit and the circuit of a mobile terminal having
A repulsive force generator
The data exchange creation method and device, a data switching method and apparatus, a bearer node
A delay difference correction method and system
A ceramic 金卤灯 ballast level control method and system
A host base station, relay node device and a method of converting a enhanced path
Synergistic office information sharing the method, system, and associated information inquiry device
The radio frame transmission method and device, a network element
Based on the virtual impedance inverter parallel operation method
The Ethernet ring protection switching method, a network device and system
Control of the user device, a method and system for measuring
A broadcast multicast service data transmission method and apparatus
The mobile terminal user is facing an accurate location information service method and apparatus
35 kV high voltage 开关柜 chassis means of the automatic bogie
Clock synchronization in a communication system, the method and device
The physical layer of the state synchronization method, apparatus and system
The LTE timing advance adjustment method and the base station
A tailbiting convolutional code decoding verification method and apparatus
One implementation of a multimedia color ring tone service method, system and apparatus
A user information sharing of instant messaging system and method
With reference to the detection signal transmission methods, devices, and terminal
A transmit diversity method, system, and associated equipment.
The inter-cell handover method, base station and system
The GSM cell information base management method, device, and system
A cloud calculation of implementation of the method, system and terminal
A method of intercepting the audio files or video files and handset
Data synchronization method, a server, a mobile terminal and a data synchronization system
A method and system for establishing a checkpoint
In the access network upgrade method, apparatus, and access network
An access control method and apparatus
The bipolar receptacle interlock protective door
The laser projection light source module, and a projector
The base station system and a remote maintenance method
A polarization converter meta-material
A method, system, and suspends MBMS MCE
Coherent receiver means and dispersion compensation method
Method for charging, and the access device
The physical downlink shared channel scheduling method and apparatus
A transmission of multimedia data, receiving means and its transmission, the receiving device
An improved safety profile to surf the internet terminal of methods, systems and apparatus
A data reconstruction method and apparatus
Value of a processing method and apparatus
Data transmission method and system
The address allocation method and apparatus
The visual communication implemented method and terminal
A mobile communication system and its channel status indicates that the reference signal of the configuration method
The color ring tone WEB system prevents a malicious subscribed to a ringback tone method and server
A power device and the capacitor to share a power unit of the water cooled panels
A digital mobile network alliance content, a method and apparatus
Data management method and apparatus
Link aggregation routing method and apparatus
A signal transmission method, the communication device and system
Random access approach, user equipment and a network device
Method and apparatus to delete the traffic flow
The dual lens file photographing apparatus
The frequency band of a processor and a base station resource allocation method.
Cell handover method, apparatus, and system
A method and apparatus for transmitting log
A light polarizing stereo electron large screen system and method for making same
Based on a channel condition represents a dynamic spectrum sharing method and system
A data transmission method and system
The automatic frequency control of the frequency discrimination result acquisition method, apparatus, and the apparatus
A wireless local area network in a handset television service data sharing method and system
The multimode terminal to reduce band interference method, the multimode terminal and network devices
A data sharing and the transmission method, device, and system
X2 is connected is established between base stations of the method, the base station and the communication system
A method of rerouting of point node and local repair
An implementation of the method and apparatus north bound interface
A value based on the video server implementing a method and system for
Traffic forwarding method and system
The implementation of network resource sharing method and system
A closed loop transmit diversity uplink information feedback method and apparatus
A method and apparatus for transmission of traffic
A mobile terminal array antenna and its implementation method
Per filament bidirectional optical module and a passive optical network system
The access of the support node to select and receive 灾 method, system, and the access control device
An electronic device detecting a method and electronic device
The terminal display picture automatic update method and terminal
A control channel resource allocation method, a device and a base station
A wireless local area network in a wireless station group configuration and management of the method and apparatus
Television power control management apparatus and method
A security mode arrangement method and terminal
An electromagnetic wave element
A high speed downlink packet access system service cell selection method and apparatus
The mobile terminal control to play back video display terminal to a method, apparatus and system
A method and system to trigger the terminal
Methods, systems, streaming media to the media server forwards the
The access device port line crosstalk cancellation treatment methods, apparatus and systems related
A method of controlling access to a plurality of terminals, a control apparatus, the terminal and system
A photovoltaic assembly and the photovoltaic system
Group communication method and apparatus for group communication
A multi-channel optical components as well as the test system.
矿热炉 low-pressure reactive compensation and filtering means
A dual-mode mobile terminal
A pair of MTC terminals for mobility management method and system
The wireless link reconstruction method and apparatus
The mailbox account protection method, system and apparatus
The allocated fast ranging opportunity to methods, systems, and the base station.
The physical layer cell ID packet method, a scrambling code allocation method and system
Eliminate crosstalk between a terminal mode, a method and terminal
A tunnel information of a method and system to report the
The very long SMS message transmission/reception method, device, and system
A M2M systems and its communication method, the M2M platform and terminal
A set of measurements a signaling method and system
The mobile terminal to latch a method, apparatus and system
A wireless communication method, user equipment, a base station and system
Heartbeat information transmission method and apparatus
A wavelength channel performance monitoring method, system, and node device
A transport stream, a method and system for smooth splicing
The semiconductor manufacturing process
A mobile broadband device and its ancillary localization method.
Home base station determines whether the state of the connection to the home base station method
The relay station sub-frame configuration method, device and communication system
A frequency offset correction method and apparatus
The lithium ion battery management system
Division duplex mode based on the flexibility of the subframes of the uplink power control method and apparatus
A method and system for synchronizing time and node device
The parallel connection of the protection circuit module of the sun
Capacity station activates a method and a wireless communication device and system
Demodulation reference signal indicating configuration, transmission, and control signaling detection method and apparatus
A weighting factor determination method and apparatus within the frame, and a weighted prediction method and apparatus
When a call to a mobile terminal and its screen brightness adjustment method
Terminal communication control method and device, and the management server
The antenna system
A serial baud rate configuration method and related apparatus, system
Power management and energy production system
A multicast key for a secure update method, system, and apparatus
In one embodiment, OTN linear variable bandwidth in the network clock tracking method and apparatus
A user device capabilities of a processing method and device
Data retransmission method, a relay, a base station and a communication system
The terminal device control method and the terminal device and the electronic device
A 种续传 methods and apparatus for downloading a file
The radio access network system is known a method and a system key radio access network
Solid fuel combustion additives, etc. the ionization apparatus and method of use
Network address translation table entry of hot backup method and apparatus
A data processing method, the data processing system and associated equipment.
The antenna management apparatus and method
An apparatus for time synchronization for a method, apparatus and system
An improved efficiency and the success rate of the speech fallback method and system
A method of scheduling request is delayed, the terminal device and the base station
The elements of the triggers generated arc
A data management system and method
The uplink resource allocation method and apparatus
A data transmission method and apparatus, the shunt system
Super cell for one implementation of a method of spatial division multiple access and the base station
A sealing of an electronic device for cooling the water cooling method and apparatus
The congestion control method and apparatus
An access way by a variety of methods and data transmission in the access device
In an instant messaging session message is transmitted in a method and an instant messaging client, a storage medium
A measurement report to report the method and device of the
Indicates that the control channel, a method and apparatus
A method for implementing a shared resource information between multiple mobile devices, a method and apparatus for
The CS domain to be terminal 单卡双 residing at the same time the two web method and the associated system, device
The security information, Internet based interactive device and method
A mobile terminal
A formula having the excitation of the high energy supply means
The network system and the data processing method of networking
A three phase current confinement apparatus and method
The information delivery method and apparatus
A mobile terminal and its multiple antenna implemented method
Triggering a period of the reference signal of the measurement method, a base station and a user equipment
A mobile television display control on the mobile terminal, a method and apparatus
The implementation of the voice service method and terminal
A multi-mode much of the terminal to be unlocked, locking method to be terminal and multimode multiple
Coexistence interference within the device, the treatment method and apparatus
Loopback testing apparatus and method
A background visual effect processing method and device of the
The embedded source/drain MOS transistor and its method of formation
The traffic-signaling tracking method, system and apparatus
The mobile communication terminal and its incoming call management method
A time advance timer maintenance method, a base station and a terminal device
The images may be visualized and the manufacturing method of the thin film solar cell
After a cross-linked rubber, a micro porous separator polyolefin composite nanometers and a manufacturing method thereof
Cell access method and node device
The NFC functionality with a common antenna FM-TX transmit functions of the mobile terminal
One of the RGB space video coding method, apparatus, and system
The data card and a data card web method of
Terminal/downlink HARQ feedback information scheduling method and apparatus
Hindered variant random memory cells and the memory
An information change notification method, contact information, a method and apparatus to update the
The antenna having an antenna and a MIMO antenna
A light module device and a method of transmitting and receiving signals
The substrate structure for the fabrication of semiconductor devices and their method of manufacture
A rapid charging of the rechargeable battery method
The routing address inquiry method and apparatus
The cell membrane and a method for preparing the lithium ion cell
The analogue radio frequency signal generation method and system
Heterotypic motor
The user equipment carrier polymeric capability information of the treatment method and apparatus
A gate, the incoming connection to avoid false fails the color ring tone play of implementation of the method and system
The transmission line unmanned automatic access device
TCP proxy insertion and unloading method and the service gateway device
The substrate 阳栅 triode structure of the field emission display
A transport channel has a transmission stage processing methods, devices and equipment
A method for transmitting data and the gateway device
The CS domain route lookup method, device, and system
A method and apparatus for controlling network devices
A method, a registration message exchange
An inhibiting electrical pulse current on the delay of the switching circuit
To avoid a collision of light 海缆 路双端 monitors scheduling method, apparatus, and system
A method and apparatus that transmits data to terminals
The method of implementing the shared information, the user device and the server, as well as device
A pair of HeNB method and apparatus for performing position location
A dual exhaust formula synchronous generator and the air-cooled super mute generator
MEMS switch and a method
The AP control method and apparatus for the UE is camped
Lossless ODUFLEX adjusting the ability to route the flooding methods, devices, and node
A method of establishing a wavelength cross-connect and system, the node equipment
A three-layer virtual private network by a control method, apparatus, and system
A calculation of the channel quality indicating information terminal and method
The drain session prompting device and method
A modular multilevel converter valve protection method
A method of synchronizing a plurality of media streams, device, and system
The JAVA based mobile terminal authentication system and method, the server and the terminal
The wireless transceiver module and its assembly method
A carrier polymerization method and device configuration
The user equipment carrier polymeric capability information of the treatment method and apparatus
An online testing apparatus, method and system
35 KV and below the anti-rat 环保型 ant cable
The traffic flow is established methods and devices, and traffic flow modification method and apparatus
In the fast channel switching is to join the multicast request transmitted in advance of the method and system
A LED lighting apparatus
The terminal, the terminal data storage method and system
A method and apparatus to intra-prediction.
The mobile terminal phone book processing method and system, the mobile terminal
The method of depositing the gate dielectric of the MIS capacitors, a preparation method and MIS capacitor
An energy-saving lamp production process
A multi-energy source powered communication power supply and a control method thereof
The power regulation method and the base station.
A codebook generation, transmission of information, the feedback method and apparatus
A traffic scheduling method, system, and apparatus
In a passive optical network, the home gateway functions are implemented in a process and a plant
The failure information obtaining optical network unit, of the method, system and an optical line terminal
Indication and the method of obtaining consumer stream number and communication device
A robust header compression resistance is updated in a method and system for out-of-order depth
An intelligent adaptive impedance matching method and apparatus for regulating
The end-to-end overlay network transfer method and system
Detection of a method and system for sleep cell
Based on a P2P file distribution system and slicing method
The cache server system and its method of use, caching client, cache server
The network traffic policing methods and apparatus
A baseband processing unit, a base station and a data transmission method
A relay device to switch based on the resource processing method and device
A home gateway and its uplink mode link implementing a method for automatic probing
In the multicarrier communication system uplink synchronization method and system
Internet protocol television viewing traffic in a method and system for
A common cell in a multiple antenna elements in a system, a method and apparatus for scheduling terminals
A multiple card mobile terminal and its SIM card data dump method
VoiceXML call control is implemented method and apparatus
An interference management method, apparatus, and system
A real time service bandwidth allocation method and the base station
An electromagnetically transparent meta-material
The antenna, a base station and the beam processing method
Opto-electronic elements, and methods of making
A method for implementing multimedia conferencing, and multimedia conferencing platform
The download method of the e-mail and the mobile terminal
A combination of switches and synchronous rectification circuit
The LED lamp power supply means dedicated lightning
Detection of the reference signal for transmission of a resource allocation method and apparatus
A laser and a manufacturing method thereof and a passive optical network system
A data terminal reception sensitivity of the test system and method
The coupling mechanism, the antenna and hands free headset
Media message receipts having a processing method and apparatus of a gateway function
The blind detection method and apparatus
A timer in the carrier polymerization system maintenance method and apparatus
The LED lamp emergency modules, circuits and systems
A method and system to update tracking zone
A method of improving the operating efficiency power amplifier and a communication terminal
The time shift frequency channels of the treatment method and apparatus
The interference of the method and apparatus for coordinating and communication system, the mobile station and the base station.
Combining the authentication system and an authentication method
The network management in a multi-dimensional statistical performance data acquisition apparatus and method
The power output system
A voice access device, a method and apparatus
A multicast performance analysis method and system
A digital subscriber line signal processing methods, devices, and a digital subscriber line system
A method and apparatus CMMB terminal receives
A SIP session protection method and system
A mobile terminal, and the parameter setting process
A call service ad libitum a double-talk is realized in a method and system for switching
The multi-channel headphones ceramic horn structure
A remote network information, acquires the lock, a method and terminal
The SIP terminal registration and service processing methods, and associated equipment.
A UE in multiple cells carrying the method of establishing a hybrid
A machine type communication device obtains the IP address of a method and system
A link performance test method and test device
An implementation of the intercom remote query, a control method and system
A small electromagnetic environment in the complex in a method and system for implementing wireless communications
Statistical information report the contents service polymerization method and apparatus
A filtration process and message exchange device
One implementation of a network identification conversion method, device, and system
A base station device, a communication system and a communication method
宫格 interface and the display method of the mobile terminal
A sub-threshold slope is steeper having a resistive change of field effect transistors and process for making
A method and apparatus for the paging terminal and system
An interdigital gate structure of a field effect transistor is a low power consumption tunneling
Quasi resonant push-pull converter and a control method thereof
要因 失分 data processing method and device of the
The train travel in the course of the communication method, the in-car device, a wireless occlusion center and system
A mobile terminal's encryption method, encryption devices, and mobile terminal
The geometric image block partitioning mode identifies a coding method and apparatus
The antenna system and the radio communication system
The secondary timing advance the acquisition method and apparatus
The boundaries for the implementation of a mobile station roaming within the area of a method and system for accurate billing
A load control method and device of the
The loop web fail-over method and apparatus
A network device, a network device autonomous upgrade system and upgrade method
A traffic message traffic to transmit an optimization method and system
An OFDM-based data transmission method and system
The green laser
A semiconductor substrate and a method for preparing a magnetoresistive device
Listen for enhancing security of neighbor discovery method and apparatus
Schedule automatically alerting method and device, a terminal device
The method of sending the probe reference signal, a resource allocation method, system, and the base station
A VPN route establishment of LSPs are based on methods, systems, and router
The flow label is associated a negotiation method, apparatus and system
The base station radio frequency system and a radio frequency power amplifier of the protection method
The method of detecting 1588 device performance and device
A scheduling method, a network device and the terminal device
A temperature fuse with the resistive means for engaging a
Adjust the stereoscopic image a method, an apparatus, a system, a television set and anaglyph glasses
Harbour shore-based, variable frequency power supply system;
Service adaptation methods, apparatus, and system
The data transfer method, device, and system
An MTC Device triggers the method and system of
A network flow diverter method, network node and system
A permanent magnet synchronous motor speed wide
A detection of a Small Form-factor Pluggable optical modules of the device in place of the formula
Data cross system and method
The configuration of the pilots in a wireless communication system the method and device
An enhanced dedicated transport channel processing method and system
An open loop spatial multiplexing of the pre-coding method and system and precoding indication method
The access authority control method and apparatus
The cabinet backbone and the cabinet skeleton having a cabinet
The unknown neighbor signal quality information acquisition method, device, and system
A PIN code for automatically recognizing method and apparatus
A method of configuring the base station data, network element management system and an OMM
A video encoding adaptive scanning reordering method and system
A data processing method, the optical receiver and optical network system
The radiation element of the miniature antenna
A solar power supply means and the mobile terminal
The adjacent band coexistence method, device, and terminal
A method of communications, the message processing method and system
An information delivery methods, apparatus, and system
A processing ETWS alert messages, the method and system
Implementation of the MBMS service continuity method, to report the user equipment and the network side
The intelligent polls the method, a user terminal, the server and the system
The double reflecting surfaces antenna
In a computing environment aggregate queue information and operation information method
The target cell selection method, system, and apparatus
A flip chip light emitting diode and a method
The unified frame rate method and device of the
The processing of the data connection sponsored methods and strategies and Charging Rules Function entity
CTCS-3 grade wireless occlusion center device and system
The antenna array, the antenna device and the base station.
An LED lamp and their control
A multimedia messaging system and method of interception
Traffic on the method and device
Video playback of a content switch methods, devices, and mobile terminal
A parallel battery protection circuit
A connection information acquisition method and system
A single board upgrade to enable master The method and apparatus of
Based on the set of machine type communication MTC the location of the device management method and apparatus
A non-continuous uplink resource block allocation method and apparatus
A method and mobile terminal e-mail response piece
A hypertext transfer protocol based on the service request processing method and apparatus
An implementation of the method and system of MDT activation
A wavelength channel optical performance monitoring methods, systems, and node device
Interactive services system, the interactive system and its interworking method
Non-volatile charge trapping type memory device, a process for its preparation and use
A fully controlled device based on a voltage source inverter basic functional units
Communication terminal implementing the method and
For interference coordinated scheduling method and apparatus
An implementation of the unstructured supplementary data service method and terminal
A radio resource control connection setup, a method and system
A cell phone, a vacuum deposition process for forming the antenna and its
A spatial gap having a super materials and methods for preparing the
A random access method, the mobile terminal and the mobile communication system
A controlled access to a home network, a method and apparatus
A double twin wire telephone traffic is to be terminal, a method and apparatus for
The mobile terminal, a headset, and a speech processing method
A hybrid automatic repeat request data combined treatment methods, devices and systems
Lifting of the multicast reception gain method and system
OTT media data transmission based on the method, device, and system
A peer to peer network node is added to a method and a system
A multicast key for a secure distribution methods, systems, and apparatus
A P2P content distribution method and system
Control user equipment for measuring method, device, and system
A carrier network and a data transmission method
A USB interface, and the interface with the data product
An electromagnetic deflection of the meta-material
The terminal information sharing method and apparatus
An OFDMA system of frequency offset estimation correction method and system
The call processing methods, devices, and mobile terminal
Standing wave ratio alarm detection method and apparatus
AC digital universal charger
The automobile electrical system times the force multiplier
A split keyboard key board
The operation of the method and the device resource management device
A data transmission method and related apparatus, system
A low pressure controls the power supply circuit and means for producing
An I/Q channel allocation method and apparatus
A videophone in a method for communicating information, and a communication terminal
One of the physical uplink control channel transmission method and the user equipment
The channel state information of a user equipment and a base station measuring method.
The Ethernet synchronization status information of the synchronization of the transmission method and system
Enhanced for on-line start-up of a permanent magnet synchronous motor rotor
A clock ranked on a scale of method and related apparatus
The EAB parameter treatment method and apparatus, the access processing method, device, and system
Silicon nanowire transistor device and a method for preparing a programmable array
The carrier in the polymerization treatment method and the power margin of the user equipment, a base station
A cooperating multipoint transmission methods, apparatus, and system
An Internet Protocol Multimedia Subsystem network, the data transfer method and apparatus
The photographs in a terminal and terminal grouping method
An estimate of the noise power method and apparatus
One construct subband adaptive filter method
The function of the terminal, the terminal calls the method and apparatus
The ACK/NACK feedback information transmission method and apparatus
The light emitting diode lamp
A multimedia information during the videophone in a method and system for spot
A method and apparatus for the channel measurement
The method for the measurement, the base station and user equipment
A method of making a FINFET transistor
A service control method and apparatus
The data transfer method and system
A matched set of lithium secondary batteries method
A multiple account and client login process
Mobile tariff credit device and method
Generating a quadrature amplitude modulated signal transmission method, device, and system
The IVR techniques based on an interactive voice response system and method of video surveillance
A cloud platform based on the third party application access to a system and method for
A sigma-delta modulator
RF bypass switch control method, system, and a radio frequency controller
A message transmission method and system
The flexibility of the patterned transparent conductive films and methods for their preparation
The harness connector
Utilizing a distributed signaling to establish label switched path of a method and system
Full protection means for implementing a method and system for
The method of determining the timing advance, terminal equipment and a network side equipment
A protocol parsing processing is performed on the data stream, a method and apparatus
An interrupt indicating the MBMS service method, device, and user equipment
Based on a light gathering solar secondary condenser division method and apparatus
A video telephony device and method
Generation of high interference indication information transmitting method, system and corresponding method, system
The control terminal to initiate the service method and system
A semiconductor structure and method of making
The ferrite three-piece three-phase permanent magnet motor
A proxy network voice traffic for a method, apparatus and system
A PBBH-VPLS service in a network protection method
A RFID network management of implementation of the method, system, and associated device
The differential clock recovery method and apparatus
One based on a cloud service is provided, and a method of processing multimedia data, device, and system
The adaptive transmission mode, a method and apparatus for scheduling
A multiple address prefix allocation method and system
A Doherty amplifier means and the power amplification method
Twin-wire common-mode method and system
Based on the message forwarding LTE-LAN method and apparatus
A connector and a wireless modem
The access method, the base station and user equipment
A backhaul link measuring the reference signal is transmitted over a method and system for
A multiple block concatenation unit
A Doherty amplifier means and the power amplification method
The three-phase inverter solar photovoltaic solar photovoltaic power generation and micro system
Optimization of the spatial distribution of the breaker
A flash memory programming interference suppression process
Headset device, the headset using a headphones device and method of processing signals
The machine to machine a service management device, a network device, a service processing method and system
A streaming media packet encapsulation, transmission method and a streaming media processing device
Resource sharing system, a mobile terminal and a resource sharing method
The overload relay system control method and system
A domain name system and provide load balancing method of
The ferrite is a three-phase permanent magnet motor
In an IP Multimedia Subsystem network, called the payment service implementation of the method and apparatus
The label switched path processing methods and systems, and node device
A single access system implementing a method and system for voice continuity
A method and apparatus for transmitting data
A superconducting material assembled configuration and assembly method
A digitized waveform processing method and system PILEUP
A method and apparatus for synchronizing the directory
The power plant
A spectral resource allocation method and apparatus
A blind handover or blind method and system to redirect
The multi-mode digital radio frequency pulling the distal system
A data transmission method between the user device and system
A power control method and system
Enhanced forward access channel state information processing method and device cell
The receiver circuit includes a tuning network
Terminal distribution information acquisition method, a data acquisition device and communication system
The relay station sleep processing method and system
A multiple output light emitting diodes of a constant current driver circuit
The core web elements of the IMS control point information acquisition method and device of the control points as IMS
A call connection method, device, and system
Minimizing the road tested measurement method, apparatus, and system
The WCDMA system for a communication method, apparatus, and the base station.
The method of sending messages, a method and apparatus for forwarding messages
A transmission resource control signalling to the location of the notification method and a terminal
A method and apparatus flow shaping
Based on the image blocks of the intra prediction mode of the codec method and codec
Data processing in a communications network, a method and apparatus
A request for acquisition of the positioning information HeNB method, device, and system
In the migration of the VPC resource matching method and apparatus
The CQI report the CQI, acquisition method of the method, system, a terminal and a base station
The data modulation method and apparatus with a data processing system
Remote activation of the mobile terminal may be a method, system and mobile terminal remotely actuated
Resource scheduling method and the base station
The baseband data transmission method, apparatus, and system
An intelligent terminal, the receiving end and is carried out using the method of intelligent terminal 会签
A message filtering method, and the access device
The communication signal transmission method and system
Transform coefficients of the transform coefficient coding method, the decoding method and apparatus
The switching unit chip, a router and a cell information transmission method of
An automatic roaming registration and simultaneously displaying time in the implementation of the method and system
The interference measurement signalling notification, the interference measurement and feedback method and apparatus
A cell failure detection method and apparatus
For the mobile device displays the electronic mail processing method, a server and a mobile device
The distributed antenna system of antenna assignment method and apparatus
A MnZn ferrite material
Wavelength access method and apparatus
A method and apparatus, the proportions seed frame
A method and system to issue tokens
An electronic terminal and an electronic terminal ringing tone prompts the method
An indication of the quality of the transmission channel of the method and apparatus
As the general functionality of the telephone conference terminal provides a method and system to
Wisdom home system
The loudspeaker diaphragm and speaker
The single board and the communication equipment
Streaming media is forward error correction implementation method and system
A data transmission method and apparatus
Transmit bandwidth adjustment method and module, a dynamic bandwidth allocation device
An interactive voice response of implementation of the method, apparatus, and an interactive voice response system
Seal with a film of an organic light emitting diode and a manufacturing method thereof
The method of alerting the mobile terminal and the mobile terminal
The forwarding of multicast program method, device, and system
A group call service notification command is sent in a method, apparatus and system
A video surveillance system and method
A spatial prediction coding method, the decoding method, apparatus, and system
WO 92/08802;
7.61 (1 H, dd);
In addition, an anti-estrogen compound such as tamoxifen or an anti-progestins such as onapristone (see, EP 616812), may be administered by a known amount.
The compound of formula V can be prepared by reacting a compound of formula VII is prepared by reduction wherein R1 and R2 are as defined above.
Other embodiments of the present invention include those of formula I (and I (b)) a compound wherein R5 is hydrogen, and with each of the aforementioned R2 embodiments binding.
The server 1014 uses this information to generate the image 1354.
By Cy3-streptavidin to detect positive signal.
WO 98/45274 or US 5,232,940 pyrazole moiety of the compound are not substituted by cycloalkyl.
On the other hand, is injected into the working gas 116 is formed on the inner surface of the tube body 112 with a fluorescent layer.
MP. 70-71 °C.
The organic layer was dried over magnesium sulfate, evaporated, and dried under vacuum to give 4- [ (methoxycarbonyl) (methyl) amino] butanoic acid as a thick clear oil (9.7 g).
The DNA sequence of the human GM-CSF is obtained from the Genbank database (accession number M 11220-Ref.Lee, F., et al. PNAS 82 (13) 4360-4364 (1985)).
Column chromatography afforded 65.0 mg (42%).
Figure 1 according to the present invention including an exemplary SOI-based SISCAP isometric view of the device, which comprises actively manipulating the ability of propagation of the light wave signal;
These bearings can be designed to have a plurality of substantially in the circumferential direction of the swinging pads 120 b, thereby disturbing the flow along the circumferential direction.
(S) -ester, 12.4 min;
In addition, the drill bit tend to be easily broken, which decreases the yield, and require reworking of the PCB 100.
Figure 93 is shown in cross-section schematic side elevation views of an applicator, the applicator is capable of moving the applicator head vibration movement, and is able to produce tactile vibration in the handle;
Analytical LC/MS (method B): m/z= 509 (negative ion mode, [M-H]-), m/z= 511 (positive ion mode [M+ H]+).
13. A method according to any preceding claim in a knock down stillage box, wherein at least some of said stent element is removably mounted on the base, the base plate is formed with a support member for positioning and mounting structure in the upright state mounting bracket member.
9. A device as claimed in claim 1, wherein said standard socket including a PS/2 type jack.
For example, the current consumption at 2 mA and 2 A fluctuates between.
6. The apparatus according to claim 1, characterized in that said predetermined configuration characteristic is of the articulated arm is a plurality of independent movement of the axis.
407 b: assessment events (associated with the event data reference);
Preferably, the alkylating agent comprises from 1 to 5 carbon atoms having an alkylating aliphatic groups.
25. For use as claimed in claim 24 for draining and ventilating the middle ear a flexible ear tube, wherein the guide tube open about 100 to 170 degrees.
20. The interlayer of claim 1, wherein the first and the second adhesive layers containing one or both of the UV absorber.
The audio file can be retrieved from a compact disc player, an Internet or like MP3 players.
The acrylate monomers can be present at a total weight of the composition, from about 25 to 90% by weight.
The second collector 302 may have an aspherical shape, for example oval.
And Figure 10 shows tracking report of the disease. Detailed DESCRIPTION OF THE INVENTION
Figure 3 a is a further embodiment of the present invention on both sides of a schematic view of a dish washer.
Preferably in the presence of 5-30% by weight of sodium carbonate.
These products can replace all soap and detergent, and ultimately reduce skin barrier of the environmental damage (Cork 1997 (3), Cork 1998 (4), the cork 1999 (5)).
10. A device as claimed in claim 1, characterized in that the component has an overlap with the first band of light absorption band.
Referring now to the drawings and particularly to Figure 1, the display of the imaging system 10 embodying the invention.
Figure 3 a is a cavity is formed according to the present invention for a snack product of a stamper is a front plan view of the insert;
2. The method according to claim 1, wherein said information is stored in said memory, and said method further comprises:
According to the present invention Figure 5 is one exemplary embodiment for implementing one or more aspects of the present invention, an exemplary block diagram of a communication agent;
1. A species in the oral cavity of the patient for curing light-curable compounds of the instrument, the instrument comprising:
25. A seed treatment and/or prevention of anxiety in a subject, said method comprising administering to a patient in need of such treatment is administered an effective amount of 2- [3- (4-fluoro-3- (pyridin-3-yl) phenyl) imidazo [1, 2-a] pyrimidin-7-yl] propan-2-ol as the dihydrochloride salt.
4. The method according to claim 3, wherein the animal is a sow.
20. A product as claimed in claim 13, characterized in that the further storing instructions that enable the processor-based system to said one program to another program, for more than the time compression and transmission of said program.
Sample system 400 according to the present invention may be used to perform, for example, a personal disc embodiment of the operating system (such as herein described in the Examples) processing.
Open-cell foam section 111 should be sufficiently porous to allow connection to a vacuum system 130 such that as the tissue 124 and a tissue growth medium 110 delivers a pressure below atmospheric pressure.
9. The apparatus of claim 1 or 2, wherein the physical barriers are predominantly of insulating material through which vias extend for connection with the circuit element in the circuit substrate, and wherein providing the conductive barrier material of the metal coating layer on top of the physical barrier and in the vias through the physical barrier extends.
45. The apparatus of claim 39, further comprising a channel estimator for, in dependence of the received from the transmission antennas, and performing channel estimation data will be obtained through the channel estimation value is provided to the output of the post processor.
13. The valve of claim 12, wherein said at least one second blade (55 a) is smaller in size than the first blades (35 a).
5. An insert as claimed in claim 2, characterised in that the elastomeric interface at 60 D having a hardness of between-80 D.
14. The method of claim 13, wherein the organic halide is a C1-C8 chlorohydrocarbons or bromohydrocarbons.
Idler effort required to activate the inhaler of the air channel assembly 14 rotates with respect to the transmission assembly of large amplitude, and the counter is primed to achieve the required air channel assembly 14 relative to the small amplitude of the counter 26 to rotate.
This is shown in Figure 5, wherein the solid dots represent integer pixel locations, and hollow dots represent a sub-pixel position.
2. The radio VOD system according to claim 1, characterized in that the switching means comprises means for relating said video signal and the audio signal separating of a base station of a wireless transmission.
Other exemplary embodiments may make use of the assist gas such as 1,1,1,2-tetrafluoroethane, is an effective secondary gas, and is thought to be relatively benign in the environment and, therefore, is advantageous.
It can be used in other alkylated aromatic hydrocarbons are for example described in "SyntheticLubricants and High Performance Functional Fluids", Dressier, H., Chapter 5, (R. L. Shubkin, (Ed.)), Marcel Dekker, NY, 1993.
Figure 3 shows a presently preferred embodiment of the present invention is a detailed block diagram.
In Figure 1 C, the closure cap 1 is in the position shown in Figure 1 A are disposed within the neck of the bottle 11.
In the hind paw by subcutaneous injection of 0.1 mL of guinea pig spinal cord and complete Freund's adjuvant [Difco H 37 RA] (3.5 g of a mixture of guinea pig spinal cord+ 3.5 mL of 0.9% NaCl+ 105 mg of Mycobacterium tuberculosis ( M. Tuberculosis [Difco H 37 RA]+ 7 mL of CFA (Difco H 37 RA)), so that the female Lewis大鼠免疫。
It should be noted that the STN display ratio much thicker CTLC display, since at 200 micron thickness arranged above the substrate having the polarizing/retardation film (in overall display thickness (substrate+ film) is 2 x 200+ 2 x 120= 640 microns).
Thus, it can be used such as CdZnTe or CdTe et al. low temperature solder (180 °C), a sensitive material while not damaging the detector substrate characteristics.
11. A method of manufacturing of the semiconductor device, comprising:
6. The card according to claim 5, wherein the printing system, a plurality of spring-loaded developer balls in each of said plurality of media suitable for card of spring-loaded developer balls in each one of the pressure at the point of contact.
At the bottom of the display of tiles allows the user to jump back 420 thumbnail display of Figure 3, or switching directly to the other available one of the real-time data stream 430.
6. A method for the right ventricle of the heart to the patient for reliable 3 D assessment of the ultrasound system, comprising:
29. The method of claim 26, wherein said act of doping said substrate by halogen ions is a solid source diffusion.
6. The polyethylene film of claim 1, wherein said WVTR-controlling material is a density no greater than the base layer, the density of the polyethylene of medium density polyethylene (MDPE) and high density polyethylene (HDPE).
2. The system of claim 1, wherein the allows simultaneous transmission of two or more terminal use the same frequency, or the same code or the same time slot for transmission at the same time.
For example, the power distribution unit 46 from the converter unit 9 is able to respond with an indication of the power supply signal to increase of an insufficient supply of oxygen and hydrogen.
16. The compound according to claim 15, wherein each Rx is independently selected from R, CN, halogen or OR.
4. A composition according to claim 3, wherein the plasticizer or more plasticizers of the amount of the mixture of starch and thermoplastic polymer based on the total amount of 3-7% by weight, and the ratio can be extruded is 0.2-0.5 Kw. h/Kg.
Suitable cationic detergent-active compounds that contain from 8 to 18 carbon atoms in the aliphatic quaternary ammonium salt type such as cetyl trimethyl ammonium bromide.
11. The method of claim 10, wherein step (h) of the sealing process is also seals the electrical connection areas, thereby obscuring the cathode region of each element and in the absence of a cathode terminal case to allow formation of the element.
The slider 234 to slide along the rail 232, and generates a composite video signal, which is connected to the output of the selector 230 "end.
8. The apparatus according to claim 6, wherein the first active region, the first chamber and the second chamber has a total thickness of about 0.5 λ.
d) According to the sorted order, into the test in step b) of the available channel (C* 1 to C* m) of one channel in the (C* x, with 1 < x < m).
50. A method according to claim 45, wherein providing the inter-stage coupling capacitor electrode, resonator electrodes, and input/output coupling capacitor electrode includes the sub-step of: by step comprises at least one of gold, silver, and copper foil to provide at least the inter-stage coupling capacitor electrode, resonator electrodes, and input/output coupling capacitor electrode.
Moreover, the metal matrix in the entire wall 304 is substantially continuous in the space.
3. The method according to claim 2, wherein a test strip platform, wherein the at least one finger member comprises means for engagement of the saw teeth on the test piece of the projection.
5. The method according to claim 1, wherein the fractional delay is used to adjust the delay.
If the microwave drying process at a power level greater than 10%, it is necessary to reduce the performed on microwave irradiation time (a few minutes to a few seconds) to avoid an overflow of the solution.
17. The paper substrate according to Claim 1, which further comprises calcium carbonate, the calcium carbonate is in the form of light calcium carbonate and ground calcium carbonate selected from the group consisting of at least one.
10. The method according to claim 8, wherein the electrodeionization device implementing said sealing strip comprises the following functional group selected from the group consisting of one or more of function, namely: a) defining a length longer than the sheet of the flow path;
3. The method of claim 2, wherein the pivot joints, the at least two contact position is located on the opposite side of the bulb.
As shown in FIG.5D, the devices in the shape memory alloy is in an elastic state, the loops 12 and 22 are pressed onto each other.
30. The method defined in claim 25, wherein step (d) comprises as for the single ended planar magnetic speaker circuit configuration of a corrosion resistant coating is applied to the film stack patterns onto one side of a foil of the more specific step of.
The elastic complex correlator (140) operates on the M samples.
Although the interrupt portion 81 shows a total of approximately one quarter of the servo interrupt portions 81 and 82, but the relative time may vary significantly.
8. The method of claim 1, which is defined by formula (I) and/or (I ') for use as perfuming ingredient of a compound.
The resulting residue was dissolved in hexane and was done 4 times a solid-liquid extraction.
57. The labelstock of claim 56 wherein the base layer comprises a propylene copolymer.
10. The method of claim 1 wherein the nut-plate riveter characterized as having engaged with the piston rod of the slider.
7. The method according to claim 5 or claim 6 wherein the solids separator, characterized by:
9. The method according to the claim 5, characterized in that the alkylation process, about 50 ppb or less than 50 ppb of catalyst poisons into contact with an alkylation catalyst.
21. An electronic camera according to claim 20, wherein the storing means (31) stores plural types of calendar data with each sample image relating to the display image, further comprising: a means (26);
Figure 3 b is of the improved platen in accordance with the invention in an isometric front view;
Figure 1 is a conventional consumable carbon anode of a conventional aluminum production cell is a partially schematic side view.
3. The method of claim 1, comprising generating a radio frequency network for an enumeration of a plurality of devices in a data and over said non-radio frequency network in the enumeration data to communicate.
As illustrated in Figure 1, by employing the principles of the Fresnel lens micro mirror array may obtain the optimum surface.
13. The system of claim 12, further comprising means for identifying the incoming telephone messages previously stored in the memory (120, 122), where the speech recognition system (118) of the input message identifying the stored in speech.
8. A digital television receiver according to claim 6, wherein said quadrature signal angle processing block produces the sign value of the Q signal.
It is preferred that the conductive member 40 from the temperature sensitive memory alloy using a wire form.
The ground sample (1.00 g) was added 90 mL (about 3 fluid oz.) of distilled water, and the resulting mixture was allowed to stand in a conical flask for 10 minutes to produce a coffee.
The solvent, if used in the reaction mixture, the resulting in according to the weight of pentaerythritol diphosphite from about 10 weight percent to about 200 weight percent of the amount of use.
17. The method of claims 1 to 14 in any one of the formula [I] bicyclic compounds, wherein Q2 is a single bond, R6 is unsubstituted or substituted lower alkyl, Q3 is a single bond and R7 is unsubstituted or substituted lower alkyl.
20. The method as claimed in claim 19, wherein the control means of the instrument panel comprises a first portion and a second portion, the first portion comprises a first switch, an on/off switch and a display device, and the second portion are relative to the first part can be separated and a second and a third switch.
8. The method of claim 1, wherein the plastic is selected from the group consisting of polycarbonate, comprising a polycarbonate, a mixture of composition comprising polycarbonate, and a reaction product formed from polycarbonate.
More preferably, the relative to the aromatic secondary diamine is used at about 0.5 weight% to about 0.75 wt.% of the range of N, N-dihydrocarbylhydroxylamine.
12. The method according to claim 11, wherein the optical encoder.
6. The system as claimed in claim 5, wherein the Node B further includes means for transmitting said acknowledgement to the RNC of the device.
10. The method of claim 7, wherein adjusting the range of beam scanning angles further comprising checks to see whether the beam scanning angle is at a maximum range of beam scanning angles limits;
5. The system of claim 1, wherein said control means determines the display of each pixel of the image in a normal drive level (X) and each of the regions of the attenuation value (Y) the attenuation value (Y) corresponds to the type of displayed image material.
Figure 1 shows the preferred embodiment according to the present invention of an input/output (I/O) system 100.
14. A method according to claim 9, wherein capturing data further comprises an integrated medical device from the subset of data, electronic medical records, scanned documents, web services and data collected by the clinical data structure.
22. A seed of a metal-coated, recovery annealed, and thereby high tensile strength, steel strip having a residual stress of no more than 100 MPa, and every 500 lineal meters of no more than 1 on the strip at the shown in Figure 1 and 2 types of surface defects.
A heater well known to the art (typically 70 ohms), such a low resistance compared to favor the generation of higher power consumption.
9. The method of claim 6 or 8, wherein the product of the two transfer are implemented by a single medium.
7. The device of claim 1, wherein the gas mixture further comprises oxygen.
10. A method as claimed in claim 1, characterized in that the non-graft initiator selected from the group consisting of 2,2 '-azobis (isobutyronitrile), 2,2' -azobis (2-methylbutyronitrile), lauroyl peroxide, decanoyl peroxide, and mixtures thereof.
16. The carbonylation catalyst of claim 15, wherein said solid support is carbon.
Taking into account the signature of the 4 OFDM symbol length.
Also, using the COD 2866 conversion AmpS to become the AmpR and, using the COD 1941 convert CatR to CatS.
Further studies for temperature and increasing concentrations of TFE on peptide L effect (Figure 11).
Can employ methods known in the art (see, for example, Rood et al., 1988, Agricultural and Food Chemistry 36: 74-79;
As is well known in the art, the receivers 16 may include routers, demultiplexer and other similar devices, help to decrypt the information carried by the optical signal.
(3 S) -3-Aminomethyl-5,9-dimethyl-decanoic acid;
One specific embodiment is used a polyvalent cationic lipids such as DOGS and triglycerides and phosphatidylcholine: lysolecithin (2: 1, or to control the particle size of the other desired ratio) in combination.
Referring to the above figures, a joint according to the present invention comprises two members or tube, i.e., the male element 1 and the female member 2.
The signal path, such as signal path 120 can be a straight path, such as signal path 124, or a reflected path, and the like.
37. The method of claim 36, comprising applying to the molten macrocyclic oligoester and the polymerization catalyst mixture is subjected to shear mixing operation.
4. A method according to any one of the preceding claims, the method further including at least three different cases in determining at least one characteristic associated with the crushed material of the quality parameter and the measured quality parameter to determine the control function.
10. The method of claim 9, further comprising:
The mixer (11) of a pair of current sources (Q 11, Q 12) to the Gilbert cell (Q3-Q8) to provide a bias current.
6. A method according to any of claims 1 to 5, wherein one of the methods are optionally further substituted aromatic ring of the metallocene compound.
In contrast to Figure 1, Figure 2 shows an unquantized spectral magnitudes.
2. The kit according to claim 1, further comprising using a kit of how to use the specification of the ornamental element decorative tape.
However, there is no 3- (2,2,2-trimethylhydrazinium) propionate (THP) or it may be used in conjunction with other substances to the mammal affect sexual activity and potency of the data.
The bottom surface 31,44 and 54 are all coplanar.
In particular the process conditions are shown in Table 2.
13. The method of claim 12, wherein said self-association region to prevent the aggregation of said self-association region, a component of the fusion.
Thus, if the user 110 is determined to wake up or in light sleep state, the selecting an audible alert mode, and if it receives an incoming call, the communication device 130 will produce audible sound.
5. A method as claimed in claim 1, wherein the atmosphere contains less than about 0.1% argon.
4. The method according to claim 1, wherein the bipolar plate of said electrically conductive porous material is diffusion bonded to the first and second metal foil layers.
13. The method according to claim 12, wherein said washable paint colorant is a polymeric colorant.
6. The method of claim 1, wherein the oil is selected from the group consisting of fatty acids and monovalent alkanols, esters of glycol mono-or di-fatty acid ester, a fatty acid, a triglyceride, diglyceride, monoglyceride/natural vegetable or animal oils, carbohydrates, tocopherols, and mixtures thereof.
In the electronic device, since the width of the separation portion 26 is relatively small, as the spacer portion is utilized when the effect of parasitic capacitor 27, within the bezel 20 through the loop current can be reduced.
12. A seed for a guide wire is inserted through an aperture in a bone anchor of a guide wire insertion device, the device comprising:
5. A method according to any of the preceding claims, characterized in that the anode monitoring system.
1. A method of delivery of data, wherein the data in the mobile station (MS) and a base station (BS) in between, wherein the packet transmission in a transmit or receive slot is not performed during a transmit or receive data, wherein the slit is provided to the mobile station to tune to other frequencies.
4. A method according to any of claims 1-3, one of the cutting units, characterised in that the larger cross sections (CA) has a shape which is arranged so that the free end (210) from the at least one side of the central axis (M) is greater than the distance from the teeth (208) of the blade side end portion (212) from the corresponding side of the middle axis (M) distance.
The inductor structure can be used as a synchronous rectifier circuit (100) of the input or output inductor.
Although Figure 3 illustrates a base station 302 and the user device is a two-dimensional spatial relationship between, but using three dimensions can be distinguished by the user device signal.
9. The method according to claim 7 or 8, wherein the device, the first gripping member (13) is selected from a pneumatic suction device (30) and a mechanical gripping device (33), for example having a bonding surface having a needle, or similar device.
7. The method of claim 6, wherein the disc drive further comprises a drive motor driver circuit; wherein applying step (d) comprises placing the modified current command signal is provided to the actuator motor driver circuit for the step, in response, the actuator is a motor driver circuit applies current to the actuator motor for positioning the magnetic head and the disc.
The bristles can be cut to a desired length after the for the toothbrush. The materials 140 into the lumen of the method is that the opening 150 and material 140, and then contacting the 施真空 opening 160.
2. A seed for teaching the robot position within a work environment of the method, the method comprising the steps of:
The present invention relates to a telecommunication system.
The card application data (CAD) is sent to the authorization server (30), which checks whether the smart card (18) are effective and the card application data (CAD) must be at the current transaction by a smart card (18) is produced.
Marlex HLN-120-01 polypropylene;
Discloses a stable anode comprising iron oxide (50) can be used for the anode, the anode metal, such as aluminum (80) of the electrolytic production.
The blade (12) or a blade holder (14) includes a tag indicating the blade extension.
The present invention relates in a first organic solvent and a homogenous catalyst, in the presence of a reactor, the ethylene oligomerization to produce linear alpha olefins, the process characterized in that the reactor overhead is cooled by means of a refrigerant.
The present application relates to compounds of formula (I) of the novel heterocyclic compounds, wherein A, R, R 1, R 2, X, Y, Z, n and p have elucidated in more detail in the specification, to their definitions, and relates to a process for the preparation of these compounds as medicaments, particularly as aldosterone synthase inhibitors of use.
The present invention relates to serve as a hepatitis C virus (HCV) NS3 protease inhibitors of formula (I) of the macrocyclic compound, its synthesis and its use to treat or prevent HCV infections.
9. The method of claim 8 wherein the triglycerides of the use, in the preparation of food, feed, cosmetics or fine chemicals.
44. The article of claim 42, wherein the article is a tire.
C. treated area was visually observed is shown schematically in Figure 28, on the other hand, for the purpose of the present invention can be a visual has the area of treatment.
The top ring body 2 is made of a material of high strength and rigidity, such as metal or ceramics.
The frame 126 A may be formed integrally with the housing 1800.
The MeFBSE was added (59.5 g) at 60 °C, the reaction was continued for a further two hours, followed by addition of APTES (3.3 g) and allowed to react at 60 °C for a further 3 hours.
25. The composition of claim 24, wherein the additional thermoplastic is an ABS rubber.
The first loop 42 and a third loop 60 generally converge at the intersection 62.
The reaction mixture was poured into water (20 mL) and extracted with EtOAc (2 x 20 mL) and extracted.
Amino acids 292-297 correspond to domain I of the portion;
2. A computer as claimed in claim 1, wherein the implemented method of defining a plurality of audience segments of information is position information.
40. A method of preparing an array comprising the substantially, the array of probes according to paragraph 18 or substantially the paragraphs 19-30 or 33 any segment of the set of probes immobilized on a solid support.
(4) ILVU_ ENT_ Ns
6.54-6.67 (m, 3 H);
With respect to the LFF diet, the consumption of HFF diet with intrajejunal SGLT-1 transporter protein abundance higher correlation (22.2 ± 3.7 to 6.6 ± 3.7 densitometer units).
Figures 27 to 30 show a container 170, in this container can hold a plurality of the sleeve assemblies 80, 90, 100, 120, 130, 140, or 150 to accommodate several, the form of the container 100 will be described.
The cells were incubated for 4 hours.
The organic cations (for example, dibenzylammonium, benzylammonium, 2-hydroxyethylammonium, bis (2-hydroxyethyl) ammonium, phenylethylbenzylammonium, dibenzylethylenediammonium, and like cations).
After molding, the member 60 along the line 62, 64, 66 and 68 has a score.
The final via intracardiac injections are administered a dose of Lethobarb (3 ml) to the animals were sacrificed.
The B2 de-blocking reagent may be a will be understood by those skilled in the art, a variety of deprotecting agents, including, but not limited to, in the presence of a palladium/activated carbon catalyst under H2.
Found m/z 449 (100%).
A dose-dependent studies show that when a test MOET detected in 50 mg/mL (5%) of suramin sodium, the pair of sperm penetration only lower inhibition.
For each 1 ml of liquid recovered, the electrical conductivity of the filtrate was measured and the cumulative conductance results are shown in the graph of Figure 6, and the figure also shows the results obtained from a control sample.
Once purified, partially or to homogeneity as desired, the complete ligands may be used diagnostically or therapeutically (including in vitro applications) or develop applications assay, immunofluorescence staining et al. (Lefkovite and Pernis, (1979 and 1981) Immunological Methods, Volumes I and II, Academic Press, NY).
Figure 4 is a perspective view of the body of the embodiment.
The pH 6.0 when no enzyme catalyzed by Gln-β NA to pGlu formation for 4 weeks of the study, and it was found that the first order rate constant of 1.2 x 10-7 s-1.
The financial institution 108 provides a solution to the transaction, and may provide a mechanism to ensure that the financial performance.
The purified, dried reaction product has an acid value of about 0.5, a lower alkyl ester level of about 300 ppm, a DMSO level of about 50 ppm, and an ash level of about 0.2%.
In another embodiment, at least 99.9% by weight of trans- (-) -δ 9-THC.
Potential inhibiting compounds may for instance be the SMS 05 protein for a monoclonal antibody or a polyclonal antibody.
To obtain a concentration of 15 mg/ml.
M/z found, 430.5 [M+ H]+.
In addition, it has been transferred onto which the toner image has been transferred to the recording material S is thermally fixed device 13.
Likewise, each sub-band speech signal synthesizer 2322 and 2332 for performing the re-phasing and time warping technique, such as described above with reference to the decoder/PLC system 300 are those described in the art.
All temperature measurement, a "blank" contains 28 liters of water in a 10 gallon (33 inches x 15 inch) bending over the slot is attached by a cap (model# 54100-0010). Agitator contained 1 cm diameter x 43 cm long glass rod, two-terminal snap 0.8 cm x 2.5 cm 铁弗龙 (Teflon) half-moon shaped paddle.
Function# 19,6773.
The residue was purified by silica gel chromatography (eluent: EtOAc/heptane 3/7, v/v).
In some embodiments, the composition can be used for in vitro expression segments of RNA, such as the T7 promoter or SP6 promoters include promoters, etc., in which a section.
Other useful adhesive tape and the backing structure include, for example, PCT International Publication WO 98/21285, said separable layer backing and PCT International Publication No. WO 99/31 193 may be repeated in the fixing of the backing layer.
Figure 9 is an introducer needle to prevent unwanted distal movement of the locking member of the second embodiment of a cross-sectional view of the needle shield, wherein the introducer needle with the sharp distal tip of the distal portion of the introducer needle locked in the needle shield;
Several transposable element system and a site specific recombination systems have been used to remove the tag (Sugita K., et al. 2000Plant J 22: 461-469;
Encoding acidic ribosomal phosphoprotein gene 36B4 of PO is used for normalisation telomeric signals (Boulay, et al., Biotechnology (Biotechniques) 27: 228-232 (1999)).
3. In a valuable document includes the certificate, contract or the like printed CDP for verifying that the document is the original or copy the
The state machine 312 provides chip level control of memory operations.
27. The method of claim 7 or 8 or 26, the coating composition according to any of the preceding, wherein the neutral to slightly acidic generating extender or acidic generating extender is a sulfur, phosphorous or silicon oxygen anion of the compound.
Hierlihy, A. M., et al., (2002) FEBS Lett. 530,239-243;
The solution was added to 300 g of ice, followed by addition of 6 mL (0.1 mol) of acetic acid of the azo coupler reprecipitated as a fine dispersion.
[063] Figure 12 A of the formula molecules of the oxidation state of the metal and is determined by the substituents.
The pressure chamber 74 is located below the center of the local areas of the semiconductor wafer W by the central bag 90 90 a of the elastic film and the elastic pad 63 is supplied to the center of the pressurized fluid to the pressure chamber 74 a is pressed against the polishing surface.
II) MeI, Cs2CO3;
MS (ESI): C22 H26N2O6 calculated value 414.18;
[a] D 25= -11.0 ° (c= 1% solution, DMSO);
The link pivot support shaft 921 a, 922 b, respectively, are arranged at the ends of the two arm sections.
Figure 9 is a cut-away view shown in Figure 8 is a cross-sectional view along line A-A;
To the resulting solution was added with stirring to 0.305 mL of a 1000 ppm zinc (II) solution.
More specifically, the coil spring 74 spindle subassembly 24 is generally biased away from the handle subassembly 22 such that, when a half-round spindle 44 due to excessive torque applied to the handle subassembly 22, and the break, the coil spring 74 is forced full-round spindle 42 away from the handle subassembly 22 and disengages the lock cylinder 40 drive engagement.
At step 220, the second portion of the received signal, e.g., the information sequence, is derotated.
The portable computer 60, such as a portable personal computer using a flat panel display device intended to display image data, as shown in Figure 3 the monitor 47.
When t > 2, e.g., T= 4, this may be particularly desirable. The interleaved bits are preferably each contain a set of m bits where m is an integer, and the output of the encoder is produced on any of the symbols may comprise M-PSK symbols where M= 2 m.
Also shown is the use of S/MIME supporting a Public Key Server (PKS) 600.
In addition, the tool body 5 comprises an upper part 7, which in the illustrated embodiment has reinforcing ribs 17.
The operation control circuit 22, data input/output buffer circuits 23, and a data write/read control circuit 24 is connected to the data buffer circuit 27.
MS (ES+) m/e 415 [M+ H]+.
In this regard, "High Brightness Light Emitting Diode (pp. 108, 162 and 168 (1996), G. B. Stringfellow et al.) describes the use of an AlInP forming a cladding layer increases the hole injection efficiency of the LED and the electron confinement effect.
As shown, the transmitter 300 includes a demultiplexer 301, a spreader 302 and 304, the time shifter 305 and the OFDM modulator/transmitter 306.
Regardless of whether they are in a diamond configuration or in 7 beam interference generated in this type of configuration, the height of the unit cell of the periodic array which result in a large band gap.
A flap valve 34 is mounted on the carriage 30 so as to form a one-way inlet valve 9 as described above.
Figure 11 is a listing of a pillow according to the present invention prepared using female wrinkles on the observed results of the table.
The reaction scheme of this new method (Figure 5) is no longer required to completely from various unwanted products (Figure 2 a) purified from the desired product, since in this new scheme does not require no more completely in the product.
MS (ES+) m/z: 266 (MH+).
Residue was stirred in 2-propanone (p. a.) was stirred in.
The powder was prepared by the teachings herein can be modified by the work-up, as described in commonly owned U.S. Patent Application 10/113,315 please refer, as taught herein, in its entirety, incorporated herein by reference.
As a result of which causes, without treatment with the surface of the film, the liquid may be more quickly compared to penetrate through the apertured thermoplastic film layer 80.
Washed with diethyl ether (3 x 100 ml). the residue was triturated.
This reaction may be performed at a temperature from about-10 °C to about 50 °C for about 2 hours to about 12 hours to give the urea (9).
At step S310 to S322, surface modeller 90 performs processing to correct the image background pixels into pixel or object pixel aspect of any errors.
The shrink tube edge at the optimum radius of the circular cylindrical portion of the flow-through channel of a radius of between 1 to 2.5 times.
Using the basic (unmodified) VLS growth, may be greater than about 1 μ m has an average diameter and a distribution of diameters greater than 50% and up to or over many millimeters in wide variety of semiconductor material (e.g., Si, Ge, ZnO, etc.) single crystal nanowires.
Referring to Figures 21 and 22 is shown, according to another embodiment of the present invention is shown generally at 2100 of the MEMS switch of another embodiment of a different view.
The bridge portion 25 preferably should be flexible, it is advantageous for the electrode assembly is placed in a compacted form processing within the trocar.
Therefore, the compounds of the present invention may be suitable for once a day dosing. Preferred compounds of the invention following oral administration in rats also showed a relatively low absorption. When the compounds according to the invention is primarily intended for administration by inhalation, a proportion of the dose is up to 80% at the most, the patient swallows, and there may be unnecessary systemic effects.
In vitro, MIG to inhibit eosinophil response to eotaxin-2 migration.
Drying (MgSO4), and concentrated to give a yellow oil of the carbamate.
The specific layout generator 704 may determine a new list may include what type of background layout, and season adjust 706 may be determined for the particular holiday season or associated which display characteristics (color, subject, music, etc.).
As shown in Figure 9, with respect to nucleotide residues, covalently modified with Raman labels may be such that the signal strength of the residue is derived is greatly improved.
A decoded video signal is output from the video output section 5 to the display 9 (step S55).
DMSO-d6), δ (ppm): 2.33 (bd, 2 H);
Singleton et al. (1994) Dictionary of Microbiology and Molecular Biology, 2nd Ed., J. Wiley& Sons, New York, NY;
Figure 2 is a lipid accumulation in oleaginous yeast biochemical mechanisms in schematic form.
The results are shown in Table 2.
60. The method of claim 59, wherein said antibody is selected from the group consisting of: a) a polyclonal antibody;
q.AZD 4717 (available from NicOx S. A.) or acids, salts, enantiomers, analogs, esters, amides, prodrugs, active metabolites, and derivatives thereof;
12. The method of claims 8 to 11, wherein the product of any one of the maximum size of the majority of the carrier is from 2 to 4 μ m.
At this time, the gear door 128 to open completely, or nearly fully open.
Figure 10 is a cable of the present invention is an exemplary cross-sectional schematic view of an embodiment. Detailed description
Those skilled in the art it will be appreciated that the light may pass through surface 290 is coupled to the layer other than the layer, regardless of whether the terminating at the optically exposed regions (as shown in Figure 21 a in an exemplary) or extends beyond them (Figure 21 b).
In an exemplary embodiment, during the operation of the system 4900, the tubular slotted sleeve 4921 prevent debris damage in the wellbore 4928 both of the expansion device assembly 4916 of the adjustable expansion device 4916 b.
VdF polymer (A-2) preferably comprises: (a ') at least 60 mole%, preferably at least 75 mol%, more preferably at least 85 mole% vinylidene fluoride (VdF);
30. The method of claim 22, wherein said antigen binding fragment is selected from the group consisting of a Fab fragment, a Fab 'fragment, a F (ab)' 2 fragment and an Fv fragment.
Jawerth, B., Liu, Y., and Sweldens, W., 1996, by means of a smooth local trigonometric bases of the signal compression: (http://cm.belllabs.com/who/wim/papers/-papers.html)
Purification by silica gel flash chromatography of the crude product, eluting with 0-10% '10% ammonia in methanol'in dichloromethane, to give the title compound as a white foam (0.014 g, 42%);
The present invention is preferably a non-aromatic monocyclic 3-to 4-membered heterocyclyl, preferred examples of which include aziridine, azetidine and azetine;
Lyophilized, no polysaccharide, albumin-free plus glycine, albumin-free, 100 U botulinum toxin type A complex, pharmaceutical composition is at-5 °C for at least one year. This one year period the potency of the powder to be essentially unchanged (i.e., from the original potency differed by less than 5%).
28. A fibroblast growth factor (FGF 23) of inhibitor, wherein said inhibitor is selected from the group of: reducing the encoding FGF 23 polypeptide molecules of the mRNA levels of FGF 23 polypeptide levels, decrease of the molecules, and the reduction of the FGF 23 of biologically active molecules.
(Fundamental Immunology, 4 th Edition.William E.Paul, Editor., Lippincott-Raven Publishers, New York 1999).
In one embodiment, said nicotine in any form results in about 3-30 minutes the subject after a tmax of nicotine in venous blood.
The first array 100 may be one such as a transmissive liquid crystal display (TLCD) or a transmissive array such as a deformable mirror device (DMD) devices, liquid crystal on silicon (LCOS) or a reflective LCD (RLCD) reflective array.
Figure 1 shows the delta Go value points have been divided by RT.
The double sensor may provide additional protection against blocking one sensor 205 and the contamination of PDU 100 is not operating.
128. A method of assembling an array of seed virus, said method comprising viral particles by each of the one or more recognition sites on the viral particles and one or more of the conjugate moiety for a plurality of virus particles that specifically bind to each other.
The solids content of the solution obtained was 36.1%, a viscosity of 450 centipoise (cp).
In the first step, 2-bromo-2-methylpropionic acid ethyl ester [CAS No 600-00-0] and the corresponding benzenethiol, benzamido or benzene sulfinic acid ion reactions, using methods known in the art, Respectively, as described for example in "Advanced Organic Chemistry", Jerry March-John& Sons Inc, Third Edition, Wiley, New York-0.38-Section-pp.360-361;
Figure 3 illustrates pWHM-cytP 450, with and without a pale she-fdxshe plasmid 蜡黄 Streptomyces (S. helvaticus) colonies of pravastatin productivity.
128.3 (2 C);
Issued to Connelly, such as U. S. Patent No.5,895,569 et al. other, more effective sewer system of the prior art to solve the problem of the sewer system.
At the time of inoculation, was added to the cultures anti-FGF-2 (20 μg/mL, UBI), anti-IGF-1 (40 llg/ml, UBI), anti-factors-TGF-o (20 ug/ml, R& D Systems), or anti--CNTF (20 ug/ml, R& D Systems) neutralizing antibodies.
Then at day 2, 3, 5, 6 is not subjected to pretreatment column is repeated by deprotection of combinatorial synthetic sequence to remove the terminal amino acid of the CBZ-protected group.
Second, with respect to the caspase-8 interacting protein epitope of the immobilized antibody may be used to quantify the caspase-8 interacting protein.
Hexanes to 50% EtOAc/hexane;
U. S. Patent as in the patent of 5107264 clock multiplication circuit showing an implementation of another method.
HPLC: RT= 3.47 min (Method B).
These transformants was lowest in the B2: B1 ratio of 0.40: 1 (Table 4).
By the same manner as above, it is possible to obtain each of the set of parts cassettes 103 a to provide the shortest mounting path having a high possibility of alignment.
-the strained layer 3 B 'elastic relaxation to form a relaxed or pseudo-relaxed layer 3 B.
NKG2B nucleotide and amino acid sequences of the GENBANK Accession No. X 54868, which is incorporated by reference herein.
A further study according to the present invention, by studying the h-PRUNE protein in a panel of breast cancer patients with nm 23-H1 expression profile, as evaluated for h-PRUNE breast cancer prognosis of potential clinical progression of the possible role of independent indicia.
The catalyst concentration in the range of 1.8-3.6 μ M. After the cleaning operation, from 0 (= unchanged, very strong deposit) to 10 (= no deposit) visually on a scale from the removal of the tea deposit is evaluated.
The resulting white needle-like crystals at 40 °C in a vacuum oven for 24 h. Yield: 5.40 g (28.3%).
With the proviso that at least one of R41 and R42 is not hydrogen.
8. A method according to any preceding claim, wherein the adapter (100), wherein said connector (100) to all of the portions have the same symmetry axis, and each interface in the following ways the adapted for connection waveguides (102, 104) such that the waveguides (102, 104) has a with a connector (100) of the respective portions of the same axis of symmetry.
Formulation and processing the twisted nematic film precursor solution, the purpose is that the coated onto a clear annealed float glass plate substrate (6 inches by 12 inches by 2.5 mm thick) of the resulting solid twisted nematic film reflects left handed circularly polarized light.
56. A unit as recited in claim 53, characterised in that the tool has a number of components, the number of parts can be axially moved into several within a channel.
It may have up to 10% of propofol, whilst maintaining a very low fat (cholesterol and cholesteryl oleate) content.
And (3) have a common can be adjusted depending on an external parameter (such as light), instead of just the bulk concentration of selection agent by determining the level of resistance, such that the selection pressure in the selection process can be altered in order to facilitate the separation of thousands of plastid genome copies.
The straight tine 80 d advances with the groove 22 b and 22 c corresponding to the distance between the distance.
The present invention can be used, for example, in L. lactis plasmid is pNZ 2123 and pIL 253 (Simon et al., 1988).
6.80 (td, 1 H);
Figure 4 shows a general MBMS point-to-multipoint features of an exemplary diagram;
The radio-opaque epoxy 600 is further provided in the high voltage of the X-ray tube of the surface of the ceramic insulator 430 are electrically isolated.
7.90 (s, 4 H).
17. The system of claim 13, wherein the follow-up win-loss notice is used in the form of lottery results notification, the first remote terminal is configured to transmit the results to a user of a lottery ticket numbers, and compared to determine the win-or-lose based on the comparison.
By silica gel flash column chromatography of the residue, eluting with 50-60% ethyl acetate/isohexane, to give the title compound as a white solid (1.45 g).
See Kuroki et al., published in 2002 of the article).
Southeast Asian 5.Liu H. W., et al. J Nat Prod Res., 5 (4): 241-247 ( 2003).
To a solution of 58 mg of sulfated chemically-treated solid oxide (CTSO, with H2 SO4 sulfated) of Wheaton vial was slowly added 45 ml of dry heptane was added, followed by a specified amount of 25 wt.% of TIBAL (triisobutyl aluminum) or 19 wt.% TnBAL (tri-n-butylaluminum) in toluene was added, followed by a 1 mg (1 mL solution) metallocene.
MS (APCI) 647 (M+ H+, 100%).
Figure 7 is a diagram showing manufacturing process in the quenching apparats in the strip at a nozzle of the nozzle opening is formed on the manner in which a perspective view.
The reflecting film 14 may be formed only on the inside of the upper part (11) of the float.
In response, each pod 201 transmits polling on its state and position information.
41. The method of claims 1-40, a compound of any of its use for the treatment of an animal in need of such treatment of depression, generalized anxiety, eating disorders, dementia, panic disorder, sleep disorders, gastrointestinal disorders, motor disorders, endocrine disorders, vasospasm and sexual dysfunction.
At 6-7 hours after induction of collected cells in culture.
Then, step S9 is complete resolution of the threshold value matrix is a plural-level process is ended.
18. The apparatus of claim 13, comprising supplying electrical power to the heating jacket to the contained in and for installation in a motor vehicle cup holder of the rechargeable battery in the disconnectable electrical connection means.
7. An edible composition according to claim 6, wherein the biopolymer thickening agent comprises an ionic non-starch polysaccharide.
28. The method of claim 27, wherein during the wet etch to borophosphosilicate glass than silicon nitride having increased selectivity of this material is a silicon material.
GSK3 β scintillation proximity assays measuring ATP competition
Detection down to 3 mm tumor showing the capability than is able to detect the size of 10 mm down to the ability of the tumor, and has a significant advance for long-term survival of patients who are diagnosed implies a great.
Figure 3: comprises Tris (0.5 M), phosphates (0.25 M) and various reductants luciferin-luciferase reaction of the light output of the process.
R 3 and R4 are each a substituted or unsubstituted aliphatic group, preferably alkyl, more preferably methyl or ethyl;
The embodiment of Figure 3 the parameters of the other key point is given in Table 3.
On the other hand, by extension terminal (ET) 1634 (6) processing of the physical output would require advanced queuing.
In general, for formulation A, the variability of the bioavailability is from about 10% to about 17% of Formulation B and Formulation C of about 14%.
23. The method of claim 22, wherein the barrier layer comprises a material capable of reflecting laser energy from the laser energy is used to form the at least one laser formed exit the selected laser type and selected laser operating conditions.
80 mL of water was added and the product extracted into 40+ 20 mL of toluene, and the combined organic phase was washed with 80 mL of water and evaporated.
The block storage device processor 30 is also capable of satisfying a network command from the block data storage devices 26 to a storage device network interface 22 transmits any answer.
In addition, it has also been proposed to give the MWW-type titanosilicate process in which a large amount of boron is added to the starting material, by using the function of boron as a structure supporting agent in the backbone is synthesized containing boron and titanium MWW precursor MCM-22 (P), and then, if desired, by removal of the acid treatment, the resulting boron precursor is calcined.
The combined organic phases were washed with water (4 x 1 L) and dried over Na2SO4, filtered and evaporated.
11. The method according to claim 9, wherein etching the substantially locally planarized overburden portion to substantially remove the global non-uniformity includes substantially the several features of a conductive interconnect material to minimize any depressions.
39. The film of claim 18, which is capable of forming a peel seal to form a multiple chambered container.
In this embodiment is especially preferred that R2 is hydrogen and R3 is lower alkyl, or ZY;
14. A pharmaceutical composition according to claims 1-7, which comprises a compound of any one of, or a pharmaceutically acceptable salt or solvate thereof;
The black toner of the present invention has a saturation magnetization of 2.0Am2/kg or less, preferably 1.5 Am2/kg or less, and more preferably 1.0Am2/kg or less.
If the LLR is below the detection threshold, the H-ARQ process controller 508 generates a NACK message, and if the LLR is not lower than the detection threshold, an ACK message is generated.
On the other hand, when the oscillation period is 0%, the piezoelectric transformer 21 is not driven, while the output voltage from the piezoelectric transformer 21 is substantially equal to zero.
Also, the output bitstream 210 may represent a field image while the input bitstream 201 represents a frame image, or the output bitstream 210 represents the frame image while the input bitstream 201 represents the field pictures.
The polymer used is a polypropylene homopolymer material having 38 g/10 minutes melt flow rate of the feed, and 0.904 g/cm3 (AmocoChemical Company, Grade 7956) density.
If the LME bit is cleared, then the most significant bits of the base address of the 32 bits may be used for bit in the descriptor table.
Preferably, the composition of the invention is produced using anion exchange chromatography, and more preferably is produced using a strong anion exchange chromatography. Preferably, the composition of the invention comprises 70% by weight or more, 80% by weight or more, and preferably 90% by weight or more of proteins, including osteopontin and proteose peptones.
Each of the mobile platform 12 includes a plurality of receiver 66, which in this example is a six receivers 66 a-66 f, illustrated in Figure 5, with the same.
Ellipsometry, for example using a JASCO International Co., Ltd., "M-15" to the implementation of the measurement.
Alpha 7 nAChR agonists increase the release of neurotransmitters and improve cognition, arouse, attention, learning and memory.
In the local server in the form of a 3-D model at a rendered 3-D graphical information, and using the local server graphics accelerator (herein sometimes referred to as the graphics card) by dynamically processing and applying a scaling factor to the 3-D graphical information, graphical information to reduce the required bandwidth of the network (amount of the transmission data).
These lines may be in a plane perpendicular to the hooked rod or at an angle α (90-1), where the angle a is within the range from from tangent lines y-y to parallel to the plane of the drawn points on the edge of a reference line x-x measured.
Angiopoietin-1 and angiopoietin 2 and angiopoietin 3/angiopoietin-4 bind Tie2 receptor.
In some aspects of the present invention relates to the use of HTm4 (e.g. over-expression or upregulation of HTm4) or variants thereof to inhibit CDK2 or agonist.
For example, the processing element 300 may be utilized with the system packet interface (SPI) is associated with the communication protocol of the data on the communication link 312.
Figure 3 (b) shows the mold and the resin material is a diagram illustrating a state in contact with each other.
In other words, the superframe bit allocation table 504 actually includes superframe format each downlink transmission in a bit allocation table.
Figure 2 B represents the transmitted from base stations in an asynchronous system, the structure of a signal;
Janson and Ryden (1998) Protein Purification: principles, HighResolution Methods and Applications, Second Edition Wiley-VCH, NY;
However, as described in JP-A-7-333433 said, it is preferred to use in the method for providing a base coat.
(v) in TF independent in vitro system in the measurement of thrombin generation (hereinafter "thrombin generation Assay" (Assay 3)).
[00164] in separate compartments for multiple doses of the atomizer in another embodiment, a plurality of container or containers within a plurality of an indoor the solid composition and the liquid solvent cooperate to provide a unit dosage form.
After flowing through the passage 2, coolant flows through the outlet side after collection chamber 11 into the outlet chamber, and thus out of the cooler.
The mixture was cooled to room temperature, diethyl ether was added (70 mL).
(c-2) the aqueous dispersion (AD) was added to the solution (OS) in
MOPS/KOH buffer, pH7.0,50 mM;
Compounds of the invention on the binding affinity of VLA-4 to the IC 50 represent about 15 μ m or less (as described below in Example 95 assay), the compounds and pharmaceutically acceptable salts thereof are defined by the following Formula I:
In the 2-D objects stored in the information can be sent to the Windows Graphics Device Interface (GDI) so as to be rendered on the screen.
The base part 5 is not shown, the load frame with a proper fit.
As a result, the portion of the radiation 1700 1710 is forwarded from the antenna 1420 to the modulated encoded form is reflected to a receiver antenna 1570.
Therefore, it is possible to reduce the cross sectional area of the refrigerant passageway, and thus can reduce the heat exchanging tubes 6 and 7 have a tube height.
In addition, SB 203580 is effective to inhibit IL-1 induced bovine articular cartilage explants and chondrocytes in the production of nitric oxide (Badger 1998).
Then the WLAN 14, at step S2, the login UMTS service monitoring for communication with the UMTS retransmission 18 a user identification (ID).
In MOSFET 10, an n-type epitaxial ( "N-epi") layer 14 is grown on an N+ substrate 12.
SPKR4NL 1-2 mediated gene delivery to neurons and glial cells.
The reaction mixture was stirred at RT for 10 min, after which TLC and MS analysis showed complete conversion of starting material.
Took about 3 h, the hot solution is slowly cooled to room temperature.
MS (MS+ 1): 490.0.
37. A method according to claim 28, wherein the fibers of the portions of the enzyme-loaded particles were fed directly to the thermophilicity simultaneous saccharification and fermentation process (SSF), the process of converting C5 and C6 sugars are converted to ethanol.
The humidity oven is resealed and adjusted to 40% RH/60 "C and held for 2 hours.
These elements are stored in said database, and in each of the recording using the currency converter 15 performs the redemption.
In the testis, based at least on the presence of the ACE-2 with an ACE-2 associated states may also include infertility, or other diseases associated with mature gametes.
12. A system as claimed in claim 2, characterized in that said at least one notification source contains parameters associated with it representing these parameters associated to at least one of the following:
The fourth cannot be received symbols are stored to locations 50 (i.e., 50 > 39), and is stored in the position 10 (column 2).
First stationary contact 104, second stationary contact, and stationary electrode 106 can comprise a conductive material such as metal.
In the smartgreen3 chip design is implemented in a combination of this unique possibility is an interesting option.
Addition of an equal volume of Alserver 's solution, stored at 4 degrees Celsius.
The pET-24 d culture samples all does not detect the cinnamic acid.
Dichloromethane was added (20 L) and washed with 0.5 N NaOH solution (2 x 30 L) wash solution.
The total yield was 11.54 g, 73%.
In addition, the wavelength of 380 nm, 410 nm and the cross transmittance at 700 nm of the CT (380), CT (410) and CT (800) is 1.0 or less, respectively, 0.5 or less and 0.3 or less.
In the illustrated embodiment, the tensioner 122 T may comprise a suitable force sensor (force transducer) 164.
Figures 4-9 will discuss the user program downloaded from the download server to the client's two schemes.
(2) A channel;
This configuration also allows for continuous operation of the processing device 100.
16. The anode as claimed in claim 14, characterized in that said polymer is a crosslinked polymer.
In the SEM protected compound (1 eq) was stirred in a solution of 6 N HCl was added (30 ml/mole) and the resulting solution was stirred at 50 °C for the times indicated.
Referring back to Figure 3 A, the GOP 300 may be the original GOP.
With the Expand High Fidelity PCR Sytem (Roche Molecular Biochemicals, Mannheim, Germany) at 54 °C annealing temperature for 24 cycles to complete the PCR reaction.
Illustrated in Figure 1 a polymer maleimide and a polymer maleamic acid with the thiol group of the active agent is representative of one form of the polymer of the invention-succinamic acid conjugate in a typical reaction, in which case the representative of the active agent is a protein.
It is assumed that in a given time, from the base station, it appears that a particular terminal identifier, such as the exemplary terminal ID# 1, is allocated to the first device (wireless terminal) A. However, the second device (wireless terminal) B which is believed to have the terminal identifier# 1 to the base station is connected.
4. A film-like article according to Claim 2, wherein when the film-like article is D, the thickness of the thin film integrated circuit configured for position X may be set so as to satisfy (1/2) -D-30 μ m < X < (1/2) -D+ 30, u m.
4. The method of claim 3, wherein the heat treated shaped particle comprises less than 5% by weight of boehmite, the weight percent being based on the total weight of the heat treated shaped particle.
The mixer 140 intimately mixes the ACN stream 120 and the water stream 160.
Figure 8 illustrates an exemplary state-action link status checking and action identifiers of the present invention;
Because there are no reports suggest that up to 100 ppm of trichloroethylene is microbial degradation, the microbial degradation ability is extremely high.
In order to avoid an epitaxial measurements, in which both cases (Equation 6 and 8) to the sum of the measured data having only within the interval is extended.
The server 106 from the database engine 104 reads the characteristic identifier/URL list information (step 302).
Also, the irradiation on the detector 836, the amount of scattered light as a function of the data entry object and the distance between the detector decreases.
Particularly preferred protecting groups include NPEOC (4-nitrophenethyloxycarbonyl) and NPEOM (4-nitrophenethyloxy-methyloxy-carbonyl).
(level 0, level 1, until the level 3).
In addition, analysis module 30 allows analysts 8 to define a for collecting contribution data "template".
The optional surfactant may be used in an amount of 0 to 15 pbw, preferably from 7 to 15 pbw, and most preferably 10 to 15 pbw.
After passing through the use of Figures 4 A and 4 B illustrate an apparatus similar to the discharge from the nozzle of the solvent (diluent, etc.) may be performed sequentially, after washing and drying.
These coordinates are stored in the data set, respectively, having positions 0 through 9, for use as a data field based on the path in Figure 4 A, the authentication factor.
[0004] Developed several algorithms to measure the transmission of the voice file, "" subjective speech quality.
For each action, a dual blade robot 230 generally has a blade carrier substrate, while a vane empty for substrate exchange.
In Figure 1 schematically illustrates a mobile network is referred to as a public land mobile network (PLMN) of a generally known in the GSM network.
The AlcA-Glu 11-GUSint-nos (Glu 11 is glucanase 5 'untranslated region) as a PmeI fragment was cloned into PmeI cleaved pFSE4.
The following condition 1 B-5 B is through the perforations to rate matching when being encoded symbols, should be taken into account when the conditions and the following condition 1 D to 5 D is by retransmission when rate matching encoded symbols that should be considered when conditions.
In the described embodiment of the control panel region 10 further comprises providing (ami) button 16.
In the floor panel, the impregnation may extend down to the is going to be the connecting means 6-10,12, 14,18 of at least the top.
Yet more preferred concentration is 30.15-40.2 ng/ml;
Since the auxiliary layer 8, the deposition process may be at less than 700 °C is carried out at a relatively low temperature. It is prevented that is disposed in the active region due to diffusion of the dopant atoms to migrate, this case, for example, may be provided in the active region 4 of the n-type doped case occurs, thereby improving the collector region to be formed to a contact.
A "Fab" fragment comprising a light chain variable region and a constant region, and the variable region of the heavy chain and the first constant domain (CH1).
In some embodiments, the antigen is a proteinase 3.
Further, it is also capable of increasing wherein the substituents X1 are cross-linked with each other via the vinyl compound has a chemical structure with respect to which the substituents X1 directly bound to each other, the ratio of the chemical structure.
For the ECC-disabled case from the second section having 0x0300 extended to 0x05 FF of storage space.
In addition, the engine 100 can include disposed around the periphery of the column or a series of EMR sources 120, 122, as are capable of binding to one or more of the asymmetric capacitor is driven independently of discrete sources.
-p is selected from 0, 1, 2, 3, 4 and 5;
More specifically, under mild anesthesia with methoxyflurane, the male Sprague-Dawley rats (150 g) of the right rear foot plate foot betting angle carrageenan. (0.1 ml of 1% carrageenan with sterile saline suspension).
The user interface (118) of the present invention placed in the whole of the personal versatile recorder (200) on the housing, although such is considered from the flexibility and complexity is not the best.
AA8 is selected from: (a) proline (Pro), (b) a natural or unnatural amino acid, or its mimetics or isostere thereof;
68. The method of claim 67, wherein the sodium bicarbonate is in an amount of about 250 mg to about 4000 mg.
45. The article of claim 42, wherein the at least one metal oxide selected from the group consisting of aluminum borate, zinc oxide, basic magnesium sulfate, magnesium oxide, graphite, potassium titanate, magnesium borate, titanium diboride, tin oxide, calcium sulfate, and antimony doped tin oxide.
Various interface 302, 304 may be made using any convenient data rate, hardware or software flow control, etc., can be configured in any manner.
Allentown, PA), 20.5 parts of silver flakes (Ames Goldsmith, Glens Falls, NY), and 0.03 parts diethanolamine (Aldrich Miwaukee, WI).
4. Immediately prior to the diagnostic images immediately after, or alternately with a diagnostic image acquisition, the intermediate non-diagnostic SPECT image (when used).
The transfer passages 2 are arranged on both sides of the component feeding units 4, wherein a plurality of tape feeders 5 are juxtaposed to each other.
The term "heterocyclyl" or "heterocycle" is a 3-to 8-membered saturated or partially saturated mono or fused ring system which consists of carbon atoms and from 1 to 6 heteroatoms selected from O, N and S heteroatoms.
26. The apparatus of claim 25, further comprising the certificated key encryption device.
(yield 114 mg, 87%).
According to the present invention, however, it is also possible to use any other type of signal generator 203, which would result in all frequency components of the frequency range of the sound card 512, and higher than the predetermined border frequency value of the analog signal.
As shown in Figures 1 and 2, the reverse supplemental channel includes a first reverse supplemental channel, a second reverse supplemental channel R-SCH1 or R-SCH2.
Thus the parasitic diode PD 1 will block the majority of current through the substrate.
Thereafter every morning and night extrusion bladder until the functional recovery. [0215] As described above, by myelin inward of the rat spinal cord transection model described above, administration of soluble receptor 1 fusion proteins (e.g., sNogoR 310-Fc).
13. A surgical device, comprising: a seed
In Figures 8, 9 and 10, the receiving communication device receives from the combined speech packet, wherein the points of the combined speech packet comprises a current speech packet and a replacement speech packet, to the decoded speech packets are sent to the point of receiving the terrestrial communication devices, audio encoder operation is described.
It is specified in question from the transformation to the textured coordinate space (it is in the range [0, 0] [1,1]).
In the drawings, like parts bear like reference numerals, and: Fig.1 shows a schematic cross-sectional view of an illustrative display.
20. The apparatus of claim 19, wherein the transmission of the second control signal module (120,145) the transmission of the second control signal is limited to one or both ends of the slot.
Scheme 1 illustrates the preparation of compounds of formula Ia, in which method the alcohol with an alkali metal salt, in an alcoholic solvent such as methanol or ethanol, processing of the enol of formula 1.
In the 5-FU and HA/5-FU treatment group was not significantly different between tumor volume, indicating that both treatments showed the same effect on the primary tumour.
Figure 7 is a along the line 7-7 of Figure 6 taken using a roll at the pick-up and transfer members of the sectional view;
Fig.1 is for the ATSC-HDTV television broadcast communication system of the prior art block diagram of a phase tracking loop.
MS m/z 389, 391.
Figure 3 is used to form the via a forward packet data channel of the received subpacket decoded data obtained in the structure of a mobile station receiver.
The valve in the fuel supply subsystem (130 and 140) is a high speed micro injector valve, which allows the system controller (50) the autoignition reactant pulse injection to the Reaction Pressure Vessel (20) therebetween.
23. The method according to claim 6, characterized in that the pressure in said injection mold is controlled automatically and automatically adjusted so that the pressure is maintained within a predetermined range.
MS m/z 386 [M+ Na+ MeCN]+.
As shown in Figure 1, the tread underlayer (111) may have a thickness that is uniform.
Lectin induced proliferation of cultured cell culture peaked at day 3 to 5 days, while the antigen-specific responses peaked at day 5-7.
The second buffer solution, at a pH of about 8.3, then adjusted the pH within the chromatography column in eluted from the chromatographic column non-hemoglobin components impurities, while leaving the Hb.
Q is defined such that a= b= 0, c= 2,3 or 4 and n= 1;
The above object of the present invention, and other features and advantages will bind with the aid of the figures of the drawings of the preferred embodiment is more clearly described expression. Wherein: Figure 1 is a diagram of a first embodiment of the invention a shoe with roller blade assembly in a bottom view.
The 180 ° peel adhesion of at most 0.03 N/50 mm.
The term "at least 2 logs" for the HCV viral load in a mammal concerned refers to the reduction of HCV viral load is reduced to < 0.01 x when treated in accordance with the present invention begins to HCV viral load in a mammal.
D 16 in the direct dye** and G9 the direct dye*** is of formula (9) the compound wherein X is bromine ions;
From the deposited clone is sequenced by TNF-gamma-alpha is determined to that shown in Figure 1 A and 1 B (SEQ ID NO: 1), comprising a nucleotide sequence encoding the complete 174 amino acid residues of a polypeptide, which comprises an open reading frame encoding the N-terminal methionine at 783-785, a start codon at nucleotide position of the deduced molecular weight of about 20132 Da.
d) When n= 3, and X= O, then if t is equal to or greater than 1, then at least one of T is selected from Substituent Group T described above, with the exception of entries, other than the alkyl and alkoxy groups;
E408R+ S 395 R;
In a similar manner to the third and second identifiers 509 and 507 are assigned to the land sectors 110 C and 110 D.
Therefore, a need in the art NF-κ B and iNOS and COX-2, because these compounds are modulators of the provides anti-inflammatory and chemical protection.
41. The method of claim 33, 35 or 36 in the non-human organism of any one, wherein the surrogate mothers is a mouse, rat, or other rodent.
The solution, at a temperature of 5 °C. < under stirring for 45 minutes, then it was extracted with dichloromethane (20 ml), and then it was diluted with successively with 5% sodium bicarbonate solution (20 ml), 1 M hydrochloric acid (20 ml) and water (20 ml) is washed.
The majority of the having the ligand 2-C, 2-d, 2-e, or 2-f ligand complex having a blue or blue-green light-emitting,
4.13 site-directed mutagenesis, site-directed mutagenesis is a through specific mutagenesis of a polynucleotide encoding a peptide preparation of various peptide or biologically functionally equivalent polypeptides useful technique.
In step 244, the user allows the lead portion 50 within the socket portion binds to the backplane circuit board 32.
Background may also determine the DNA/RNA release percentage as a control, if release represents the background is higher than 5%, it is recommended that the determined is considered invalid, there is a need for new stock solution of biological cells are repeated.
Specific hydroxy methyl aromatics may be benzhydrol, 1,3-benzenedimethanol, benzyl alcohol, 4-benzyloxy benzyl alcohol and benzyl benzyl alcohol.
20 (v/v)% isopropanol solution;
At least one first communication channel CC1 sends the first subscriber station MS1 is connected to the MSC/VLR, and at least one second communication channel CC2 the second subscriber station MS2, ST1, ST2 is connected to the MSC/VLR.
(d) About 0.5 to about 7 weight percent of polyvinylpyrrolidone.
If, however, the water pressure sensor 34 or 35 has a detection capability is not sufficiently accurate, then the control unit 16 can be achieved by setting a new high water level detection capability to prevent caused by the occurrence of the error.
HB, derivatives of HBBA-R2 (butyl aminated HB), HBDP-RI (2- (N, N-dimethylamino)-propylamine -HB), and HBEA-RI (ethanolamine lated HB) by the parent compound is a phenolic hydroxyl group may be prepared by the amination of the.
Figure 4 B is shown mounted to a according to one embodiment of the invention in the stacked die arrangement of dies.
For example, when P3 is tert-butoxycarbonyl, by using aqueous hydrochloric acid at, for example, dioxane, and the like for 18 in an inert diluent, removal of the protecting group.
18. The fusion protein of claim 17, wherein the Fc region comprises at least a portion of a CH1 domain.
Polakis, P. Mutations in the APC gene and their implicationsfor protein structure and function. current Opinion in Genetics& Development, ( 1995)5，66-71；
1. A liquid concentrate composition of species when linked to 9 times its own mass of water are mixed into solution, and the solution is a solid metal in contact therewith to form a phosphate conversion coating on the substrate, wherein the concentrate composition comprising water and:
The system of Figure 1 includes a data communications network (100).
As shown in Figures 6 and 7, the elastic member 320 is provided with a chassis 346.
The appropriate primer (about 50 nM for rRNA sample of rRNA primer (SEQ ID NO: 66, and SEQ ID NO: 67);
114. A message according to Claim 113, wherein the information includes information regarding at least one of the following items of information:
As with the dispersion prepared in Method B, a mold release agent powder free latex gloves. Than the outer coating of a polymer of Example 3 is more uniform.
Each transmitter 122 receives and processes a respective symbol stream to provide one or more analog signals to analog signals, and further conditions (e.g. amplifies, filters, and frequency upconverts), provides a suitable for transmission over the MIMO channel modulated signal.
From the base station to the mobile station is transmitted in a third signal measured in time with respect to the base station 2 and, therefore, the information including a time t2, t4 and t5.
CD 137 (4-1BB) is tumor necrosis factor receptor (TNF-R) gene, which comprises a member of the family is involved in regulating cell proliferation, differentiation and apoptosis of the protein.
[0042] Figure 25 shows an embodiment according to the invention the touch panel.
It is important to have the formula (III) is a compound wherein XR1R2 and YR3R4 are identical to those of the formula (III), it is also important to compounds having formula (III) is a compound wherein X and Y are C and R1, R2, R 3 and R4 are the same as those of the formula (III) compound.
The LLC, H450 and H23 cell line obtained from the ATCC.
For the lamp applications, 593, 611 and 627 in all three lines would be acceptable.
Fractions corresponding to column 19 is of formula XVIIIA mumbaistatin-mono-methyl ether-dimethyl ester, a molecular weight of 590.
8. A composition as claimed in claim 2, characterised in that, from the selected from the group consisting of carbohydrates, proteins, sugar nutrients and pharmaceutically acceptable additive is selected in a carrier.
Using the far ultraviolet (UV) light at wavelengths of about 0.25 micron photolithography system for the resolution of the pattern is generated.
Therefore, the fluid injection apparatus 10 also includes a protective barrier, generally indicated at 26, which is disposed in the fluid ejection head 22 is selected to cover over a portion of the seal and/or electrical connector 24 and fluid ejection head 22 is electrically connected between the.
Note that in these two Figures traces 686 610 with the trace of the proximity between the similarity.
[0049] According to Figure 3, it can be seen that at 30 °C for the blue phase liquid crystalline material is higher than the maximum reflection at 30 °C under the same composition of the chiral nematic phase liquid crystalline material has a maximum reflection is much narrower, and in the wavelength band of high reflection occurs within the blue phase.
The system 501 can be configured as in system 502 includes a decoder, a threshold module and the channel estimation unit.
R 6 and R7 at each occurrence is independently hydrogen, as defined above, or a substituted or unsubstituted alkyl, alkenyl, alkynyl, cycloalkyl, cycloalkenyl, aryl, arylalkyl (arlkyl), heterocyclyl or heterocyclylalkyl.
6. The method of claim 4, wherein the target instruction memory has target instructions of differing types, the target instructions stored in the target instruction memory has target instruction length including a shortest non-uniform instruction length, wherein the method further comprises:
10. A system as claimed in claim 9, characterized in that the insulator support surface and a hole passing through the processing of the semiconductor material, wherein the treated support surface and a hole to form a capacitor.
The composition was 28 (5 ml) was added to a plastic syringe, through a 1 m Millipore syringe filter (Glass Fiber ACRODISC, having a pore size of 1 micron, 25 mm diameter, from Fisher Scientific of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania available).
Goto, et al. (1988) Stroke 19: 728-735;
The vacuum layer 336 is substantially covers and seals the previously provided layer of 310, 320, 324, 332.
5, 6-diamino-3-cyclopentyl-1, 3-dihydropyrimidine-2,4-dione;
W2 is optionally substituted C3-8 cycloalkyl group, optionally substituted C3-8-heterocycloalkyl group, optionally substituted aryl group or optionally substituted heteroaryl group;
Without being bound by such a paramagnetic relaxation enhancement of the effect of residue from the paramagnetic centers > 2 nm, whereas the residue of this effect by the distance from the metal ion is 1.0-1.5 nm. In a preferred embodiment, prior to step a) according to the above described method of the present invention of a computer based selection of candidate compounds.
In yet another related embodiment, with a uniform scaling the entire mosaic preview (and the current content window), different scaling/panning module 540 within a certain tolerance in the scaling and/or curled portion of the mosaic preview to an edge compression of the mosaic preview while keeping the current content window is relatively large and substantially close to the center of the display device 515.
According to the invention, a guide element is housed in the interior of the housing angularly movable gear, and cut into the housing with a guide groove cooperate such that the gear in a 90 ° travel range, it is directed at the same time also over the entire range of the crown gear pair will remain in proper engagement of the engaging condition.
Having the same antibody combining site of action when as Fab or soluble IgG occurrence, may act as a CTLA-4 antagonist when highly cross-linked, and a CTLA-4 agonists.
The pair of the clamping plate 28 are respectively fixed to the coil block 2 a of the two terminal bed 22 a.
40. The composition of claims 17-39, wherein the system of any of the at least one heater comprises an oxidizer, and further comprising a may be disposed in close proximity to the oxidizer insulator.
The blade member 120 is configured with a blade member 90 is similar, except that the insert body portion 126 is processed so that it is relatively thin, and forms a leading to the cutting edge 128 is radially inward of a converging frusto conical end portion.
If another color coating is applied, the color of the coating to be applied is a final color coating at processing segment S 157, a further determination is made.
In the CPE assay in EC-50 was diluted 1: 2 in Example 11, from the serum of a dose response curve was determined.
When R2 'and R3' is an ester group, it may be in the presence of a base such as LiOH deesterification reaction.
The above type of switchable lenticular array is the most common implementation for the 3 D mode, and is driven with zero volts for the 2 D mode has a high RMS voltage drive.
Table 29 Run Mn Mw PD AN 29 a 1,428 2,832 1.98 228 29 b 1,519 3,693 2.43 221 29 c 1,436 5,110 3.56 216 29 d 1,337 2,314 1. 73 207 29 e 1,237 2,372 1.92 209 29 f 1,265 2,629 2.08 198 Example 30 was prepared comprising acrylic acid, styrene, caprolactam, di-t-butyl peroxide, xylene and p-TSA is composed of different formulations of multiple种混合物。
51. The method of claim 49, wherein said delivery is by dispensing ex vivo the unit dose into an intermediate receptacle.
27. The compound of claim 1, which is N6- (3-iodobenzyl) -2-chloro-5 '-O-methyladenosine.
The treatment time according to the target node 110 T, and the speed of the setting is changed.
10. The method according to claim 8 or 9, wherein the composition of the isocyanate reactive compound is a polyester urethane diol or a higher functional polyol, by making the polycaprolactone diol or polyol to the asymmetric diisocyanate reaction may obtain the polyester polyurethane.
WO 03/040107 also disclosed as anti-obesity compounds structurally related imidazole synthesis.
15. The method of claim 13, wherein said fluid further comprises a selected from the group consisting of hydrochloric acid, hydrofluoric acid, formic acid, acetic acid, polylactic acid, polyglycolic acid, lactic acid, glycolic acid, sulfamic acid, malic acid, citric acid, tartaric acid, maleic acid, methylsulfamic, chloroacetic acid, and combinations of these acids.
Dose 8-12 is the B type salt data. The normalization of the B type salt FPF value a salt Form B is calculated as the average FPF/Pulmicort ® Turbuhaler ® formulation average FPF.
D is N-methylvalyl, N-methyl-2-tert-butylglycyl or N-methylisoleucyl.
"alkylene" refers to 2-4 carbon atoms in the alkylen group, and n is from 1 to 60.
Referring to Figure 6, the group 1-4 was used as the segmentation result directed located at each of the clusters in indicated by the arrow.
For example, see V.A.Pattison et al.J.Appl.Poly.Sci, volume 18, pages 2763-2771 (1974).
The transparent electrode 105, such as ITO, is formed on the first transparent substrate 104, on which the photolithography technique is used to form a few tens of microns apart from one after another few hundred nanometres high pillar spacers (not shown in Figure 1).
The test method is further described in US 6,503,956.
According to some aspects of the invention, it has been found that following solid phase synthesis, these specific T-1249 intermediate sequence itself is particularly well suited for solution phase coupling steps.
The adaptation module 5 is preferably implemented as a software module form.
Thus, sensor interface assembly 22 is continuous and obtain a more accurate blood pressure measurements.
39. A seed according to claim 18-37 using a surface plasmon resonance sensor calculates the angle method, comprising the steps of: (a) calculating a difference signal;
In the clinic, 0.2%/day implants in the first 100 days was sufficient to completely block does not allow to achieve blood levels of heroin use craving at 100 days after, however, they begin to release sufficient to arrest is desirous of heroin use of the drug.
5. The method according to claim 1, in which the apparatus is characterized in that the carriage comprises a attached to the carriage, the carriage mover of the carriage in the thruster is connected to an interior of said guide rails extending along a longitudinal axis of the drive rod mechanism.
This may be achieved by a buffer is added to the composition in a concentrated stock solution was added to implement, for example about 1500 mM, the concentration of the stock solution.
In the steady state current from the battery is measured (step 210).
26. A communication system according to claim 25, wherein the means for triggering is configured to at least with respect to the communications device in response to a given action of the trigger, and said means for transmitting said control information is configured as a device to the communication device to transmit the control information.
Figure 2 (Prior Art) describes an example of metallization layers having three conventional bond structure;
130. The method of claim 128, wherein said enriched cell population comprises at least about 98% of the PDX-1 positive, ventrally-biased, foregut endoderm cells.
Any suitable manner with the topsheet 22 and backsheet 24 are connected together.
J. Appl. Physiol. (Appl Physiol), 1994, 76: 1425-1431 page.
This process may be used to establish the flow shown in Figs.2-5, and then performs the OPC segmentation of the appropriate optical proximity correction.
(B) Describes the synthesis of the synthesis cycle 29 errors and thus only affects the quality control probes, wherein the actual synthesis cycle 29 for the monomer added to the quality control probes (i.e., at synthesis cycles 5-29 starts those synthesized quality control probes) sequence.
Similarly, if the victim wire is at logic level 1 and the aggressor wires (adjacent lines) is at logic level 0, will also occur for the delay of the worst case transition.
Similarly, the device of Figure 1 having this profile.
In the illustrated construction, the O-ring 162 in between edge 146 and the seat portion 160.
If present, the article fastening portion from its attachment at the portion of the strip is separated, then an attempt to tamper evidencing band 100 will also showed evidence of tampering alert.
Cells are allowed to grow for 24 hours, and then at about 1 u. g/ml or 10 u. g/ml (obtained from 1000-fold concentration of dimethylsulfoxide stock), the proportion of the active compound is added, and then the cell culture20小时。
See, e.g., U. S. Patent No.3,288,846 (Irani et al.) and U. S. Patent No.4,898,724 (Simon et al.), the contents of which are incorporated herein by reference.
6. A system as claimed in claim 4, characterized in that:
The chemical composition of the initial metallic material by steps 40 and 42 provide the mixture of nonmetallic precursor compounds is a metal in the type and amount of the decision.
8. A method as claimed in claim 1, characterized in that the method if asserted search results (312), then the search to include a string by removing one of the ends of the string elements to shorten the shortening is then repeated on a burst basis after the step of searching.
Providing a first and a second electrode (not shown), and the shape of the meniscus 14 according to the first and second electrodes to control the application of a voltage between.
-from non-802.11 station (e.g., a microwave oven, or a bluetooth device) on a medium energy detection.
Purification by flash chromatography (cyclohexane/ethyl acetate= 9: 1) to give the title compound.
Forming a 13 u. mol/g (DW) and EC and EGC of TF is not as good as the increase in predicted from the reduction of EGCG, and the EC was not as high as from reduction of EGCG and ECG as high as predicted.
Depression of button 50 from the protrusion 51 cover ring 36 has a recess (not shown) in order to allow the ring is detached from the cover to be rotated.
2. At the same time, generates the content ID (ContentID).
In one embodiment of the present invention, if in the production of the nanoparticulate composition was performed during the heating, the temperature is maintained at a fibrate, preferably fenofibrate, melting temperature. 1. Milling to Obtain Nanoparticulate Fibrate dispersion
In addition, by way of example as follows, the CQ partially restored the pair of PIs in PIs resistant strain in sensitivity [see Example 1].
b. Preparation of intermediate 25
An example of such a combination is an anti-PD-1 and anti-CTLA-4 antibody combination is further in combination with dacarbazine (decarbazine) for the treatment of melanoma.
Referring now to the embodiment illustrated in Figure 3, we will describe how the laryngeal airway device 10 of the present invention are set forth in the general overview of some of the features embodied.
45. A species using orthogonal codes will be at a remote communication channel is received on a decoding a demodulated composite Walsh codeword into an original information word, the system comprising:
An encounter management database 351 guidance information is received from the link controller 353, optionally also establishes a high-level with remote devices (e.g., application layer) protocol session.
That is, by typing the "1****" is entered.
N- [1- (3-isopropoxy-benzoyl) -6, 7-dimethoxy-isoquinolin-4-ylmethyl]-acetamide;
The plates were washed 6X with PBS, followed by addition of 50 u. l of a Streptavidin Alkaline phosphatase conjugate (1: 1000 in PBS, Pharmingen), incubated for 2 hr at RT.
(j) such that the crude product with a crude feed Ni/V/Fe content of at most 90%, at most 50%, or at most 10% of the total Ni/V/Fe content;
However, for treatment of most disorders is administered 4 times daily or less is preferred for the frequency.
The pH of the culture is also maintained at 6.8 to 7.4.
50.70 (t);
When the Q function of compounds 2 is a halogen or trifluoromethane-sulfonyloxy group, it can be used, for example, carbon monoxide, an aliphatic alcohol, a trialkanyl amine, and a palladium catalyst such as dichlorobis (triphenylphosphine) palladium (II), converted to an ester via alkoxycarbonylation.
Although not shown in Figs.5-7, it is further believed that the inventive dispersions and shaped articles are applied at the same time during continuous and segmented can be applied, for example, in some of the layers are successively applied on or between and in other layers on or applied between segments.
The third n-type layer 19 is preferred to have the p-type layer 18 is in contact with the first surface and the second n-type cladding layer 12 contacts the second surface.
3. A method according to claim 2, characterized in that by addition of selected from the group consisting of sodium, potassium, and calcium sulphate and hydrochloride salts is of a non-alkali in the aqueous alkaline medium to provide the sufficient salt concentration.
In this case, an NPN transistor Q1 is held closed by the signal PWMU.
The problem is that the current in the MAMMOS system for writing a single spot of the laser power is 5 to 8 mW (for the pulse state operation, the average power of the peak down to 2 to 3 mW) for reading of the laser power is 1 to 2 mW.
This fiber may exhibit greater than about 1 μ m and/or greater than about 2, u m and/or greater than about 3 u. m average fiber diameter。
The sample (about 2-5 mg) was transferred to a glass microscope slide and transferring it to the Raman microprobe (Kaiser Optical Instruments) and adjust the focus on the sample.
WO 92/21382 discloses the preparation of particulate contrast agent, the contrast agent comprising the microparticles by covalent bonding of the gas containing a matrix, wherein said matrix is a hydrocarbon.
With an Agrobacterium by electroporation (Fromm et al., Nature 319: 791-793 (1986);
8. A method according to claim 2, characterized in that, after the step of cutting the testing one or more light-emitting panels, including a portion of a light-emitting panel testing at least one characteristic, the at least one characteristic is selected from the group consisting of size, shape, and a set of characteristics consisting of brightness.
2. The method of claim 1 wherein mixed cell composition, wherein said composition is an injectable composition.
The matching block 16 connects the two legs 14 a and 14 b of the other two terminals.
Figure 4 is a diagram illustrating in more detail of Figure 1, the dynamic bias circuit of the amplifier of another embodiment;
4. The invention of claim 1, wherein the fiber pulp is present in an amount in the range based on the total weight of the one-part epoxy adhesive formulation is about 1 to about 1.4 weight%.
16. A light source as recited in claim 14, wherein the collection optic is parallel to the optical axis with respect to the efficiency of the emitted light is not parallel to the optical axis than for emitting light with a more efficient.
3. The method of claim 1, wherein said serine protease inhibitor is administered in the form of a gel formulation.
The results (in particular the central aperture number) may also be passed through the bus 120 to the DPLL 130, as input to the basic data CD subsystem 114.
The XCELLERATE I process and the XCELLERATE II process using the phenotype of cells and survival rate is shown below in Table 4, flow cytometry or trypan blue staining assay.
It is assumed that the σ# Kn, σ= [V0, V1,..., vn-1], then
W. B. Saunders Co., 1992)).
Figure 3 is a display of a load balancing method of one embodiment of a flow chart;
12. The method according to claim 4 on an optical recording medium (34) the method of writing information on, wherein the first wavelength is through a DVD optics (86) used for DVD recording projected, and the second wavelength is a wavelength through a HD-DVD optics (88) of a projection of a wavelength used for HD-DVD recording.
This experiment preform, using the carbonizing process is the same as described above, the charring cycle in nitrogen for heating thereof to 1050 C.
Generally, it is expected that each vaccine dose will comprise 1-1000 u. g of protein, preferably 1-500 u. g, and preferably from 1-100 u. g, and most preferably 1 to 50 u. g.
Fig.3 is a timing diagram further illustrating the response comprises e.g. a hard reset, reset or soft reset from the emulator is the process of resetting the reset condition.
10 to the member's mobile communication terminal 20 to mobile communication company's mobile communication system 30 to the central controlling server 31 to the membership information database 32 to the moving information database 40 to security personnel of the mobile terminal
The polymer solution was immersed in a solvent and the solvent of the polymer solution, the exchange of a non-solvent to form the well of the thermally induced phase separation (C. Schugens et al., Journal of Biomedical Materials Research, 30,449,1996);
The present invention provides a particularly suited to large scale production containing the 5 '-ribonucleotide composition method.
Figure 1 B: Figure 1 A is a frequency response diagram for the diplexer of.
Whitesides, G. M., design and fabrication of topologically complex, three-dimensionalmicrostruetures.Science 1998, 280, (5372), 2089-2091 and Jackman, R. J.;
Background OF THE INVENTION BACKGROUND OF THE INVENTION 1.
One end of the pin extends through the back wall opening, and is applied with a cap to form the rear cover 80 is larger than the opening, the rear cover has a larger diameter.
A typical suitable catalyst contains titanium or vanadium zeolite, and a noble metal, such as Au, Ag, Pt, Pd, Ir, Ru, Os, see U. S. Patent No.6,005,123.
Product formation is located within the housing portion is provided on the end of the outlet 9.
1. Upload (a plurality of) the image to a specific photo album;
All of the details regarding the scale can be obtained in reference 16.
The cells at the indicated concentrations were resuspended in Iscoves containing human serum (# A 113, Quidel, San Diego, CA).
Figure 3 is a garment shown in Figure 1 a side seam of the disassembled, the elastic member upon flattening in plan view;
A Laboratory Manual ", Volume 2 (1989).
27. A method according to claim 24, wherein said drug is administered intranasally.
45. A substrate according to claim 44, wherein at least one of the first and second holes in the substrate is for a second port and the first port of the manifold is mounted in such a way that the sealing engagement of the two-way valve arranged.
In stage 1 (204), in the course of the low side drive circuit provides a low side power supply until reaching a specified pickup current level I1 is reached.
Pepsin preferably at from 0.1 to 10 mg/ml, most preferably at 5 mg/ml.
In addition, in one embodiment, front face factory 204 the texture (e.g., comprises a bulking effect or image) enlarging one pixel to ensure that the front face of the 3 D model are all part of the image is covered by filling.
By Pst I and Nde I restriction digestion analysis of amorpha-4,11-diene, checks the encoding gene in the direction in which the pLV 399.
Typically, 25 to 75%, or from 35 to 65% or 40 to 60% or 45 to 55% of the carbon particles are particles of expanded graphite, and the remainder is an expanded graphite particles.
The decoupling capacitance 208 is connected to a decoupling and power supply path 204.
R 1 and R2 may be taken together with the attached carbon atom form a (C3-C6) cycloalkyl ring;
The Ultem/APDMES-silanated SSZ-13 slurry solution was poured into a plastic glove bag in a flat, clean, horizontal, leveled glass surface.
The degree of superheat in the edge area, i.e., (the temperature in the edge area)- (the temperature of the center area), and the relationship between the angle of inclination θ shown in Fig.6 is used for tests to investigate the induction heating device.
In addition to the three concentrations of additive prior to preparation of 500 ppm REBA in a phosphoric acid solution (75%) of the blend and adjusted to pH 2.5 with phosphoric acid or citric acid and potassium citrate adjusted to pH 3.1.
5-HT3 receptor antagonist and a 5-HT4 receptor agonist and a proton pump inhibitor or an H2 receptor antagonist, can also contain a pharmaceutically acceptable carrier and optionally other therapeutic ingredients.
The input signal level to determine the frequency of the VCO 27 and a transmit carrier signal of the frequency offset.
This enables a person to the plurality of the salable individual bar coded packet 20 in a pleated/sector receiving together.
The SDF-1 inhibitor is released in the initial transient subsequent slow drug release and sustained release.
The error signal is then filtered by a FFT 1605 conversion, as well as to obtain an error signal in the frequency domain.
Then the clear solution (was slowly allowed to warm to room temperature) was stirred for 3 hours. The mixture was diluted with EtOAc, washed with 1 N HCI.
19. The method of claim 1, wherein the reaction is carried out between about pH 6.7 to about pH 6.3.
Figure 2 is a cross-sectional view taken along line I-I of Figure 1;
According to embodiments of the present invention, the present invention provides a decompression apparatus 20 that are coupled to the memory 142 and between the main processor of the rapid peripheral device, the peripheral device operating positions of the fast search logic 144 to decompress the compressed memory 142 stores a terrain data.
The resulting mixture was heated at reflux for 18 hours, then cooled and washed with 1 M HCl (5 ml) and ethyl acetate (15 ml) diluted.
4 stock solution autoclaved separately.
19. The method of claim 16 wherein the spacer, characterized in that the number of teeth of the respective first and second front surfaces intersect at a common anterior teeth in the first column of the common anterior falls in the first line.
7. A seed for the separated substance from the working gas, the device comprising:
At the same time, is mounted in a fixed roll and a horizontally movable roll neck roll of a first distance sensor 33 measurement indicates two roll neck gap change amount of the output signal S3.
These fired electron field emitters of, respectively, in a mostly silver matrix comprises about 1 wt% carbon nanotubes, wherein the weight percentages of the electron field emitter, calculated to the total weight.
20. A polymer article according to claim 17, said article being selected from the group comprising roofing membranes, window profiles, siding and molding of the building article.
4. The method of claim 1, wherein said bone marrow cells are myeloid progenitor cells.
(2) A suspicious OS user access to the object, wherein the invalid OS users for any successful read by specific object alert.
If the selected number (for example, at least one of) the absolute value of the difference between a single residue values greater than the threshold value (for example, 20 m/s), then the position is deemed to be invalid.
16. The system as claimed in claim 1, wherein the tag information indicates a associated with the tag has been sold or item is sold, or is not a registered or has a settlement.
Figure 8 shows a tank of the invention has been filled with a sectional front view of the manner of stacking.
Thus, in one embodiment of the invention, instead of directly measuring temperature of the print head elements 520a-i. instead, the head temperature model 202 is used to predict the print head elements 520a-i temperature as a function of time.
The two gear teeth is not aligned with the local stresses between the mating faces of the gears may be achieved hardness levels, typically in the range of 8 GPa.
4. Electrochemical display device according to claim 3, wherein the porous element (54) comprises a fabric layer.
After treatment with 1,10-phenanthroline can significantly decrease of protease activity (lane 2 bracketed region).
For example, the central controller 17 can provide the microcontroller 16 sends the laundry washing or washing/drying machine, the speed of rotation of the barrel of the value, so that the microcontroller 16 may be in the estimation of the suspension system of the resilient and/or damping characteristics of the change over time is taken into account when it.
As shown in Figure 5 A and Table 6, the untreated tumor, daily for the duration of the experiment at a growth rate of 17.8mm3.
The parts by weight of dry matter (oven dried substance is by at 105 °C at a drying temperature, drying in an oven related substances of the resulting).
The solid content is 30% of the slurry, and the inner gate velocity of approximately 50 m/s were injected, exhibit a high degree of turbulence characteristics.
Referring next to figure 1 is described by way of example the apparatus used in the method.
It is noted that the selection of each of the catalyst and/or the coating in the analyte for a set of one or more analytes are different, thereby generating a response which is unique for each analyte to the sensor signals, and to provide the composite system 400 of the electrochemical sensing capability.
Using encoding chloramphenicol acetyltransferase gene as a marker (e.g., Diderichsen et al., A usefulcloning vector for Bacillus subtilis.Plasmid, 30, p. the 312,1993).
May be generated in the compound (III) sodium salt solution was maintained below 25 °C after which analyzed directly for the next step.
71. A species-specific binds at least one isolated mammalian anti-dual integrin antibody, an anti-idiotypic antibody, or fragment thereof, the anti-dual integrin antibody to contain has the sequence of SEQ ID NOS: 1,2,3,4,5, or 6, at least one of the amino acid sequence of at least one heavy chain or light chain CDR of the antibody binds to the same region of a dual integrin.
3. The method according to claim 2, characterized in that the vapor condenses is measured by the monitor to measure, when reaching the necessary condensation is stopped when the level of hydrogen peroxide/water vapour contained in the air stream.
13. A seed of the elevator system, comprising: a plurality of elevator cars (22-30), each car may be serving a plurality of floors;
15. The method of claim 14, wherein the layer of metal is iridium.
According to the present invention: Figure 1 is a perspective view of a microsurgical control system, the system using mating ophthalmic microsurgical instruments, and includes a plurality of modules;
The reaction tube is heated at 95 °C for 2 minutes, followed by 35 cycles of denaturation (95 °C, 30 seconds), annealing (58 °C, 30 sec) and extension (72 °C, 1 min).
A human having differences using touch and at the same time the inanimate objects (stylus (stylus)) the ability of a capacitive touch screen by Stein et al., in U. S. Patent No.5,365,461 disclosed.
(3) According to the present invention having a urea grease at high temperatures and high drop point does not show the oil separation.
Figure 7 is a in Figure 5 is a side view of the device;
From each light element has a dedicated lens of the lens array 1405.
Figure 10 illustrates that in C. elegans is able to generate a double stranded RNA and DNA sequence of the direction of the carrier.
8.UE (B) of a terminal to begin ringing.
With hexadecane (0.25 ml) is used as the hydrophobic phase.
The operation of the pixel circuit 18 is divided into the image signal writing operation and the light emitting operation.
The conversion and the e.e. values by using a chiral capillary column (Chrompack CP-SiI 5CB, 25 m x 0.25 mm) were determined by GC.
The computer 120 may be used with one or more remote computers, such as remote computers 194 may operate in a networked environment of the logical connection.
The modulation depth (ON/OFF contrasts) of 50 dB.
The PCR product was digested with D3H Baboon Uricase TACloningTM (Invitrogen, Carlsbad, CA) were cloned directly into the pCRTMII vector resulting in baboon urate pCRTMII-D3H.
Ru and Rv are independently selected from hydrogen, C1-12 alkyl, phenyl or phenyl-C1-8 alkyl;
In the above Table 12, shown in Groups 1-4 of the geometric mean titers and multiplying (fold rise).
By cooling the temperature is maintained at 23-26 °C, or at room temperature and then the solution was stirred for 10 minutes.
The branching index for a linear polymer is 1.0, and for branched polymers the extent of branching is defined relative to the linear polymer.
In the second mode of operation ( "high speed mode") using a switchable current source 108,108 f increases, the first station 12 a of the potential of the clocksignal conductor SCLH is towards a second power supply potential VDD pull speed.
More preferably, D may be: 1) a 5-member aromatic heterocycle;
Fraley et al., Plant Science review (Crit.Rev.Plant Sci.) 4 (1993), 1-46 and An et al., EMBO J.4 (1985), 277-287.
The compounds containing 5% (v/v) dimethyl sulfoxide (DMSO), 1% (v/v) Tween 80, and 0.9% (w/v) methylcellulose delivered in a liquid formulation.
In the schematic of Figure 1 of the drawings, the polymer processing system and the mixing tank is denoted with numeral 1.
23. A guide for expressing LMP1, LMP2 or BARF1 cell targeting cells preparation method, comprising the steps of:-in accordance with any of claims 11-13, the genetic information for the antibody reagent transfected cells;
63. The method of claim 59 wherein the second target binding moiety comprises an anti-HER4 antibody or antibody fragment, or HER4 receptor ligand.
Figure 3 shows a according to the prior art with a hold-type display in the sampling and displaying the image on the corresponding sampled image Is, aperture function A (including denotes a low amplitude of the color code is white and represents a high amplitude of the color code black), the displayed image Id and perceived image (after eye low-pass): spatio-temporal frequency spectra of Ip;
[0144] The silicone composition can be a one-part silicone resin, organosilicon compound, hydrosilylation catalyst composition in a single part or, alternatively, may be in two or more portions of these fractions contained a multi-part composition.
3-Hydroxy-tert-butyl-thiobenzamide;
This result is unexpected properties of terms, a reflected in Figures 1-4 the data is of particular note.
Among them, preferred is where R6 and R7 are both alkyl groups, aryl groups, or aralkyl groups of the compound.
The cantilever template side rail 2 provides the necessary space for the template 60 is de-molded thereto when the transverse movement of the adjustment is performed as described above.
11. The method of claim 1 wherein the push-to-talk controller (90), wherein the presence server (96) by identifying the inviting mobile terminal (22) within a defined distance of the local mobile terminals (22), identifying the inviting mobile terminal (22) within the local area of the local mobile terminals (22).
38. The method of claim 29 comprising the TRPVl agonist prodrug formulation, wherein the formulation is a liquid, tablet, capsule, gel, cream, emulsion or patch.
These short in vivo studies did not evaluate 3 TC prevention of human HBV infection occur related hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) effect.
If the offer at 1050 is acceptable (may include the contactee 1014 of an explicit selection of a substitution, desired and/or acceptance is indicated), then at 1054, at the unsolicited contactor 1010 to the contactee 1014 to establish communication between.
Figure 4 illustrates for providing scanned item data and similar item data to a user of the portable wireless communication device 105 of the exemplary embodiment.
Finally, in step 4, a JavaTM analysis output text file, and submitted to the user through a variety of means, for example by Figure 11 is the result of an exemplary screen display of a picture display is shown.
57. The method of Claim 55 of the food or food ingredient, wherein the cocoa butter content is supplied as chocolate liquor.
Prior to use, the mixture was treated with molecular sieves (3 A type) for 12 hours.
The receiver then this transmission is decoded (step 1024).
The MMIC and four PIN diodes in a small chip scale package (6 mm x 4 mm) were combined to form a complete vector modulator.
This value is preferably less than 20, more preferably less than 10, still more preferably less than 5.
MS (ESI-TOF) m/z 235.1 (90%, M+ H)+, 257.1 (40%, M+ Na)+, 279.1 (50%, M+ 2Na)+.
R4, R5 is independently H, (C1-C6) alkyl, halogen, (C0-C6) alkylene-O- (C0-C6) alkylene-H, SCF3, wherein alkyl and alkylene are unsubstituted or substituted by F, mono-, di-, or tri-substituted;
Thus, EP-0615287 describes an attempt to allow rapid recovery from saturation of the device.
Unless otherwise stated, otherwise the Examples 22-37 and 41-68 as a compound described above in Example 21 was prepared by the general methods.
Referring to Figure 3, of the method and system of the present invention includes a reference to one embodiment modulator 20 and the sigma-delta modulator 30, is used to control the output frequency of the phase locked loop.
Figure 9 a illustrates another embodiment according to the present invention a polymer structure comprises four layers of a reclosable package or bag part of one side of the cross-sectional view;
In examples 1 to that obtained was evaluated in the same manner as the light emitting device.
Dilute juice beverages of the present invention typically comprise from about 0.2 to about 5%, preferably from about 0.5 to about 3%, most preferably from about 0.8 to about 2 percent of the beverage emulsion.
Derived from a node (0,0, 0) of the packets with class value 1 perform single phase multicast routing.
Note that the method described in Figure 11 for any MNN are active, regardless of whether the MNN is a router or host, is fixed or mobile.
Each of the subbands in the forbidden set at N total subbands may be based on a predetermined pattern in the distribution, as shown in Figure 6.
Example 2 Use of the slicer-padlock probes based on the detection of RNA array based on the detection of RNA array, which uses the streptavidin coated microscope slides and a solid support, is used as the in vitro transcription of the SSA4 RNA (similar to Example 1 using RNA) as the target RNA (Figure 4).
According to Figure 3 is an exemplary embodiment of the present invention can be used for obtaining a 70 burst by estimating a minimum time of arrival (TOAe) of the graph.
Li, J et al., J. Org. Chem. 1999,64,9090-9100;
In the transponder 1 and the integrated circuit 5 example, from the communication station by means of the point (not shown) is passed to the transponder 1 and the integrated circuit 5 has a carrier signal CS which is achieved with the power supply, in order to modulate the carrier signal CS is emitted as an unmodulated form or an irrelevant.
6. The method of claim 1, wherein a multi-configuration electronic device by means of the display module is connected between the first and second body portions between the gear and axle assembly that is automatically rotated.
2. The method of claim 1, wherein said active vitamin D compound or a mimic thereof is pulsed by high dose administration (HDPA), wherein each pulse is administered at a dose sufficient to provide a therapeutic effect.
See, e.g., Bird, 1991;
Referring to Fig.9, step DN+ 1 occurs over the indicated time interval.
10. A catalyst according to claim 1, wherein the ordered intermetallic compound comprises palladium.
These fibers are chosen such that these fibers should have a relatively high amount of butyrate is the total VFA, of about 5-40%.
13. The method of claim 1 or claim 2, by using the method of epsilon caprolactam.
If it is determined that the frequency of the frequency exceeds the threshold, the CPU 102 with the signals corresponding to the determined frequency is stored as the actual data.
16. The method according to claim 10 or 11, wherein each of the secondary station, characterised in that means are provided for on a single physical channel in a time division multiplexed manner of transmitting each set of uplink control information.
The storage subsystem 115 includes a write controller 150, a storage medium 155 and the read controller 160.
The received signal input is simultaneously transmitted to the converter D/A1, and is a filter FIL processing.
In Figure 2, Figure 3 is a schematic sectional view of a modular batching member;
The section by a previously known lack the Fc gamma RI is triggered to increase the concentration of the antibody and a constant amount of Fog-1 G1, and for mixing the sensitized RBC.
The hair switch is then rinsed with water for 2 minutes (1 minute each side).
8. The method according to the claim 1, characterized in that the pneumatic tire, there is provided an interposed between said carcass structure and said belt structure (5) of elastomeric material between the layer (10).
In the five base oil groups are described in Table 2.
[0012] In some embodiments, the polybenzimidazole fiber comprises polybibenzimidazole polymer.
The function of the network, as shown in FIG.2A, can be defined as: within the display screen, a metal part (9 and 10) and provide electrical continuity between the anode 13, and
42. The internal combustion engine of claim 41, wherein the hollow shaft and the output shaft are mutually connected device comprising: (1) a pair of crank arms which engage in corresponding to the hollow shaft of the hollow shaft to rotate in unison with said rotor;
54. The method of claim 47, wherein said microprojection member includes a dialysis member, said dialysis membrane being disposed proximate said microprojection member of said top surface.
[0065] In some embodiments, the confectionery composition further includes a center-fill material.
49. In a pharmaceutically acceptable carrier, diluent or adjuvant of claim 1,2,3, or 45 in the sustained release composition of the method of treating an indication.
Figure 11 A is a front perspective view of a patient's mouth, showing the bag is inserted into the gums, below the incision was closed, the fixed projecting sleeve.
8. A medicament according to claim 2 for the treatment or prevention of the use of otitis media.
The housing 11 is constituted by a relative to the rotating drum 2 arranged in a radius direction of the cylindrical groove that number, and leads to a rotating drum.
Figures 2 and 2 A illustrates in outline these gaps.
Figure 9 is another according to this aspect of the telephone set with a rear perspective view of a second housing is in the closed state;
16. The system according to any one of claims 1-13. a slurry or dispersion, wherein the amphiphilic polymer is selected from the group having at least one carboxylic acid residue as an anionic part of a polyurethane copolymer.
13. The method of claim 10, wherein the n-type metal gate is selected from the group consisting of Hf, Zr, Ti, Ta, and the group consisting of Al.
In the Figure 3 B embodiment, the post 118 for the optical devices 171 is mechanically fixed to the substrate 311.
In a particular embodiment, includes A54D instead.
19. A method according to claim 1, wherein the reaction is in a range from about 0.5 Torr to about 200 Torr carried out under pressure.
In P2P networks, needs to be stored in the node may issue a dynamic network query to find other nodes which provides this capability.
Then a solution of 4-bromo butanol (10.2 g, 66.6 mmol) was added to the mixture in the-5 to 5 °C, the reaction medium is stirred for 2-5 hours.
Poly (S-glycidyl) compounds are also suitable, examples of which include dithiol, such as bis-1,2-dithiol and bis (4-mercaptomethylphenyl) ether of the di-S-glycidyl derivatives.
In one embodiment, 7 and 3 'sites of the hydroxy group is converted to the carboxylic acid, phosphoric acid and sulfuric acid ester.
In the second cracking furnaces, the catalyst also catalyzes the rectification section, so that the organic sulfur (including the first cracking furnace produced sulfide) in the ICN boiling range are reacted with hydrogen to produce H2S.
10. The current sense circuit of claim 8, wherein the controller further comprises:
27. A seed expressing CD 30 in a subject to inhibit growth of tumor cells, the method comprising administering to the subject effective to inhibit expression of CD 30 in the subject tumor cell growth of an amount of a defucosylated anti-CD30 antibody.
Suitable internal fluorochemical compounds include, but are not limited to, ZONYL@8615 (from E. I. Dupont de Nemours& Co., Inc., a fluorinated melt additive available);
Cramer et al. (1997) Stroke, 28: 2518-2527).
As shown, the pressure measurement device 600 is a digital pressure gauge.
7. The method of claim 6 wherein the teletext decoder system, configured to, after the entry is added to the list to which the time is assigned the highest priority.
The high frequency restoring unit 840 using the restored codebook index information and the restored envelope about the other frequency component information to restore in addition to the specific frequency component other than the frequency component (operation 1040).
4- (2-Aminophenylamino) -2,2 '-dimethylbenzophenone (Compound 129);
-sham-operated and SD rats treated with EPO-myocardial infarction and free of EPO treated SD rats-myocardial infarction and SD rats treated with EPO in other myocardial infarction model described in the literature (Pinto et al 1993).
2. The method of claim 1, of the curable composition, wherein the curable composition is essentially free of dissolved thermoplastic polymer.
At the output (18) from a reference signal at the inner race (one or more than one) and the potential generated in the outer race (one or more than one) results in an opposite potential cause.
The flipper 24 is locked in the corresponding to Figure 1 C in a closed position, i.e., when it is a white pixels 20 in a manner similar to the flipper 24 is locked in the open position.
Each pneumatic cylinder is provided with a sensor (not shown) for measuring the shaft 424 from the body of the respective pneumatic cylinder 422 has a protrusion amount.
32. A seed for the conducted according to any of the preceding claims, which comprises process equipment for use in electrochemical sensors printed thereon, a web of the substrate, the one or more print stations for the one or more print stations by using a flat screen printing conductive ink was screen printed to the one or more electrodes are printed on the substrate.
Although it may be acceptable to a large range of concentrations, but preferably is provided in which whole blood platelet derivatives than concentrated approximately 10-fold or more relative to the composition is provided in a form where they are provided, and from about 50,000 to about 500,000 platelets/, u, l of substantially elevated platelet counts.
Poly (4-vinylpyridine) -N-oxide/copolymer of vinyl-imidazole and vinyl-pyrrolidone.
The sample was removed from the polypropylene film substrate is cut from the film and 0.5 inch by 2-inch dimension of the test sample.
The general formula- (CH2) "COOH groups, wherein n is 0, 1, 2 or 3;
According to an even more preferred embodiment, the C6 ceramide mole% of total lipid about 11.5%.
1. A method of providing media plan for an advertiser, a method comprising:
23. The method of claim 20, further comprising establishing a first de-framing layer, is in said HDLC layer and said first RLP layer, between the HDLC layer to provide a whole HDLC frames.
The reaction generally requires from the catalyst. In fuel cell applications, water gas shift is typically connected in flow in two stages of: was performed on the order of about 350-500 °C is carried out a temperature of the high temperature stage, and typically less than about 300 °C is carried out at a temperature of the low temperature stage.
The metal fingers 11 and in direct contact with the lamp cap 4 is arranged.
Although the preferred size of the cleaning article 10 has been described herein, but they still may be of any size. The method comprising the steps of:
A score of 1 represents a dry dough surface, a rating of 10 means the wet slurry dough surface.
For example, laminar assembly may be at less than the removable substance (e.g., water, CO2) at a temperature of the freezing point of the composition.
Konz, D.Doekel, S.& Marahiel, M. A. (1999). Molecular and biochemicalcharacterization of the protein template controll ing bIosynthesis of thelipopeptide lichenysin (versus control lipoprotein lichenysin biosynthesis protein template molecular biological and biochemical characterization). J Bacteriol 181 (1), 133-40.
The user 11 may be in use of the system is performed each time the object to provide the transaction the user identification, for example, by presenting the user 11 carried or such as a smart card or the like may be utilized to remotely detect and interrogation RF signal ID of a data carrier.
More specifically, regardless of whether the hydrogenation treatment of the C4 hydrocarbons, are changed between them a unique parameter is the amount of the C4 hydrocarbon feed mixture.
The column was washed with methanol, then with 1 N ammonia in methanol, followed by elution with dichloromethane.
See also Figure 9 (a).
Figure 6 A illustrates the use of the FGF-2 treated cells.
After 24 hours the transfected cells were induced with Fas-ligand for 16 hours and the growth medium was replaced with fresh growth medium.
The alias for the modification request and passes it to the affiliated content provider 236, the affiliated content provider using the alias to verify the identity of the mobile subscriber.
5,858,749;
Silicon, a thermally grown oxide and quartz substrate rinsed with hexane and ethanol, and dried with nitrogen prior to use, the exposed to UVO for 15 minutes.
The flap valves can be used in the form of a single blade 161.
This application is based on Japanese filed patent application 2003-115403, the entirety of which is incorporated herein by reference.
Chamfer 116 also easy insertion of the catheter 20 d within the urethra.
For example, the displacement member 179 A and 179 B can be set in a corner of the ink tank 171 is in the center of rotation.
Figure 2 is a perspective view of the system of the present invention, the first block of the first block is one of the three of Figure 1;
Exemplary alkylsulfonylalkyl groups include, for example, 3-methanesulfonylpropyl, 2-methanesulfonylethyl, 2-methanesulfonylpropy, and the like.
However, tall oil sterol containing 10-20% plant stanol (mainly sitosterol, campesterol).
17. The chemical reaction according to claim 6, further comprising:
In this case, from the member terminal 106 f to the member terminal 106 d transmission should be scheduled at a different time.
For the lens of Figures 4 to 6, in other words, for a given hypermetrope designated 2 diopters power addition prescription, a plane far-vision lens have been computed RMS value.
The display of Figure 4, as shown in FIG.3 is a simplified.
The NPN transistor 169 d, the N+ region 159 g acts as an emitter, a P+ region 157 e and P well 154 c act as the base, and N well 153 d and deep N layer 152 c serve as a collector.
And 250 x 250 mm of the bottom).
13. The method according to claim 1, wherein the predetermined protocol comprises hypertext transfer protocol.
According to the present invention is shown in Figure 9 at the free end of the other one of the examples.
7. A method according to claim 1, wherein said if at least one transformed video block data coefficient's magnitude is greater than the threshold, then execution of the subsequent compression function further comprises the step of:
The solvent was removed in vacuo and the residue was dissolved in ethanol (100 mL).
14. The method according to claim 13 wherein the antimicrobial cyanoacrylate composition, wherein said biocompatible plasticizer is dioctyl phthalate.
The remote relay phase A, phase B, and phase C, respectively, are provided to the absolute value of the comparator 62, 64, and 66, the comparator will be those values with a single user selected set is compared to a threshold.
In the connected-slave state (rectangle 18) and the connected-master state (rectangle 19), the terminal to establish a connection and is a member of a piconet.
19. Apparatus as claimed in any of claims 13 to 18, wherein one of the bucket, and said sealing member is shaped to engage and seal the smooth inner surface of the barrel.
A known technique for polymorphism was scored, and thus have broad applicability for which will be apparent to those skilled in the art that can be used are known in the art to the regulatory region of CYP3A5 were scored on a single nucleotide polymorphism.
However, the electronic coupon from information included in the message is broadcast in the beacon IB, it is suggested to the user of mobile telephone MT1 directly to his or her contacts transfer comprises an electronic coupon (with for associating it with the user of mobile telephone MT1 related identifier) message.
10. A method according to any one of the preceding claims in which the contact elements, characterized in that said film comprise individual regions (C, D, E), which is a single element, carbides and nitrides of the two-phase, three-phase, and/or more phases.
6. A composition according to claim 1, wherein the initiator is a photoinitiator.
4. A composition according to any of the preceding claims, in which polymer (i) and (ii) the overall styrene and substituted styrene content of 16.1 to 21.3%.
Figure 2 shows a kx-ky fast Fourier transform based beam forming is estimated at 9 Hz frequency cannot distinguish between the two events.
The reaction is carried out via a carbenoide, carbenoid is generated in the cyclopropanation and consumption of the generated during M-CH2X (M= metal, X= halogen) type intermediate.
If, however, tn > tc, then at RB2, at the PN spread along the path of the packet is buffered, delay length of tmax-tn.
13. A method according to any of claims 1-10 in one of the edge-lit illumination arrangement, characterized in that the roughening is sufficiently fine to give across the output surface of the average Ra value less than 1.0 μ m/member thickness.
Figures 6 C and 6 D show an embodiment of the present invention, wherein the flags to record information is separately provided;
Two samples of the field emission as a result of the I-V curve is shown in Figure 20.
Figures 11 a and b shows one implementation of this embodiment of the extruder.
At time 0, when Vin is raised, the initialization process is started.
4. The system as claimed in claim 1, wherein the exhaust run line are insulated and/or heated to provide temperature control.
All of the patient's data shows that the IL-10 level increasing trend.
Thus, the C/I symbol of the leading 4 bits in the first half is transmitted in the time slot duration, while the C/I symbol of the following 4 bits in the second half is transmitted in the time slot duration.
With 0.5 ml of octadecane as an internal standard.
In methods of treatment, Roflumilast (1.5 mg/kg/d) significantly increased the survival rates.
Figure 2 is a cross-sectional view of a repeater is shown in Figure 1.
-Figure 1 shows schematically a preferred embodiment according to the present invention the cross section of the tire, the tire having on the backing layer is provided on the inner surface of the three acceleration sensors;
11. The method of claim 1, wherein the plurality of die have a final thickness of less than 40 microns.
2. A method according to claim 1, wherein the glucan contains the α-1, 4 linkages.
41. A method according to claim 40, characterized in that these indications are transmitted consecutively by the receiving system to be used as an indication of the continuous was counted.
In Figure 7, the automated sexing station cannot determine the gender of the hatchling 572 and therefore the next processing station may be a manual sexing station 590.
9. The method according to claim 8, wherein the RF antenna structure, characterized in that said upper portion has a width of allows the frequency generated by the upper probe at least as low as 12 GHz wave propagation, while the lower part is applied with a cutoff frequency is not allowed, the cut-off frequency from a frequency lower than the upper probe 13 GHz wave propagation.
If not, the disc reading tester would give an error message such as "cannot read the VTOC (1FB)" prompt.
The microprocessor 156 and the communications bus 146 communication, the communication bus may be a Profibus, as described above.
In addition, the linkage element 30 (c) the electric actuator 32 (c) connected to the pressure members 28 (b), 28 (c).
21. The method of claim 19, the ACE-2 inhibiting compound wherein Z is a cleavable carboxylic acid prodrug moiety.
The smoke generated by this polymer may be reduced most up 75%.
Figure 8 shows the system shown in Figure 7 of the microwave cavity of the high-energy regions found within the interferogram, which show a nozzle array in the high-energy regions of one arrangement.
8. A system according to claim 7, characterized in that, wherein the graphical user interface includes a web page enabling a user to specify satellite access time and by means of which the user wishes to track the satellite communications with a particular remote ground stations.
61. The method of claim 60 wherein the reciprocating fluid pump, wherein the energization controller includes a motion damping controller, which is configured to be in a damping to the desired motion of the movement may be required in the Lorentz-force actuator reverse is powered on.
11. The assembly of claim 10, wherein the metal surface is located on said layer of covers more than 50% of the metal reflective surface.
It should be noted that in the preferred embodiment of the invention, the neck 40 is located on one of the domed cover is not symmetrical locations, so that as shown in Figure 3, when the cap is moved to its open position, the opening is preferentially directed to the side of the cover and cup to allow easily from the lid directly in the drinking the beverage.
Figure 5 is a constellation shaping (constellation shaping) and a PAPR reduction algorithm, a block diagram of an OFDM transmitter architecture;
If the elongated tubular housing does not initially contains a liquid 8, the above description of the sliding piston opening means is a plurality of embodiment can also be used as a sample collector.
The list 610 and 620 may be indicated in each content source found in how many hits.
Figure 3 shows an embodiment of the present invention, wherein the same reference numerals are used to denote the same elements as those described previously.
(4) Prevent from the water outlets 58 a through 58 f in the discharge of water from splashing to get on or off of a driver or a passenger of the action of;
Figures 5 to 8 show the integrated circuit device of the present invention at different stages during the manufacture of.
The starting material has a moisture content in the range of 86-87%.
Component description/trade name/provider HIPS II having a 10.5 weight percent polybutadiene content of the rubber-modified poly (alkenyl aromatic) resin.
4 a. the third medium transfer zone 4 b. the base part of the third medium transfer zone has a cylindrical top portion of the second culture zone 5.
All of the DMTA experiment were performed at 16 Hz of the operating frequency, and 10 °C/min heating rate was completed.
Figure 2 is a diagram showing according to exemplary embodiments of the present invention, for determining in a medical image of the protuberances that are observed in the position and orientation of a flow chart of the operation of the method.
5- [2-chloro-4- (2-trifluoromethyl-biphenyl-4-yloxymethyl) -phenyl] -pyridine-2-carboxylic acid;
In this example, the ‘ high ’'periods 211,212 and 213, respectively, a time length of 3 T, 4 T and 5 T.
In this embodiment, there is provided an 8-bit, a divider to accumulated so as to effectively reduce the sampling rate of the input of the counter.
【0012】 NAD as a circuit switched call to the wireless telecommunication network or as an Internet Protocol (IP) packet is to be transmitted to the wireless Internet access point of a wireless local area network call based on the exchange of the sound (VoWLAN) call.
14. A system as claimed in claim 13, characterized in that the detection of the user (10) posture is one or several of the gesture.
1,1,1, 4,4,4-hexafluorobutane;
(1) Preparation of test specimen of Figure 4 is a perspective view of a sample of this embodiment.
Example 6 niobium containing catalyst (Catalyst G) to prepare catalyst C was prepared in the same manner, except that the catalyst G with n-butanol niobium (V) chloride was used in place of Scandium (III).
2. A method according to claim 1 of the multi-channel modulator, characterized in that said digital data stream in accordance with the ITU J.83 Annex B for QAM encoded.
The differential pair 840 includes their sources coupled together and their gates receiving, respectively, the input signal Vin+ and Vin-of P-FET 842, 844.
In the reaction space 5 through the gas flow comprising ammonia, with respect to the flow of melt melamine with a countercurrent flow of melt melamine are mixed, as shown in Figure 1, or in a co-current manner to mix it with the results can be obtained.
As a result, PCR by 0.8% agarose electrophoresis from Saccharomyces cerevisiae was confirmed by the length of the DNA fragments are amplified.
As the plurality of data packet signals are transmitted to a data packet signal receiver, the method 300 begins at block 302.
24. A system according to claim 23, wherein the physical adsorbent material at about 1 to about 1000 torr range of storage at internal pressures of the fluid.
In this embodiment, the transition region from the interface 31 is started, and continued until the optical fiber is substantially parallel to each other, such that adjacent fiber is present between a consistent pitch P2.
The USER entity describes a distributed on-line data communications system 22 is a valid user.
At room temperature the NaEDDS chelant is added to the other two components, and said two component contains a minimum of 99% S, S isomer of the total NaEDDS isomers and a minimum of 95% S, S isomer of the total amino acid species.
At operation 630, notifying MARS unit reserved bandwidth.
-The present invention is illustrated in Figure 1 is an isometric view of the chair;
The compositions of the invention can also contain such as lipoic acid, retinoic oxy trimethylsilane (available from Clariant Corp. under the trademark Silcare 1 M-75 commercially available), ceramides (including Ceramide 1, Ceramide 3, Ceramide 3 B and Ceramide 6), dehydroepiandrosterone (DHEA) and mixtures thereof.
15. A filler containing species for synthetic polymers to be stabilized against oxidative, thermal or light-induced degradation, which comprises adding a method or using at least one of the claims 13 additive blend.
8. The method of claim 6, the vinyl chloride polymer composition is molded or extruded into articles.
17. Quinn, et al., J. Pathology, 184: 31-36 (1998).
Thus, once the buffer size reaches the calculated required amount (605) starts to playback.
A solution of 2-mercapto-5-phenyl-1, 3,4-oxadiazole (2.6 g).
8. The backlight of claim 3, wherein the material (9) is birefringent.
Figure 8 is a variable home zone in the PLMN to a mobile station in a block diagram of a call connection is established.
16. A method as claimed in claim 8, characterized in that:
10. A method according to any of the preceding claims, the method further comprising selecting the transmission rate for the group of packets is a step.
Working discrete simulator includes a user interface, a resolver (solutions with regard to discrete model, a matching model or the discrete type model set of equations of the system) and the inventive native operators and test code 52.
Figure 5 is a switch 405 indicates that the switch setting of the operating mode of the device 205, as well as a table.
If, in decision block 608 to not receiving a notification of data has been changed, then in decision block 614, a determination can be made from a receiving/processes the registration request whether the elapsed time exceeds the time out interval of the test.
3. The method according to claim 1 or claim 2, wherein the hair treatment agent is a group containing an ester linkage is acyloxy or selected from a sulfate group, a phosphate group, a pyrophosphoric acid group, a phosphoric acid group, and a phosphate group.
6. The apparatus of claim 2, further comprising:
In addition, the limiter can be incorporated with the function of the function of the integrator 34.
During both the cleaning cycle is changed between 0.9% NaCI solution.
Figure 2 B shows the strip of glue C comes into contact with the web material, at a time when the perforation line P is in turn indicates the position of the web material is torn along the perforation line.
For example, the video source 22 may be an image acquisition device such as a camera, such as a digital versatile disk (DVD) player, a video signal generator, a video cassette recorder (VCR), or with any of the video output device (e.g., computer) or receives a video signal from a remote source of the communication station.
The LiH is increased to n= 2 of the composition causes 26 ° to further increase the intensity of the peak at 23 °, while two of the beta peak strength loss (Figure 1).
In one embodiment, the appliance 250 in response to intercepts a client request transmits the acceleration program 120 to the client 205.
In the illustrated embodiment, the bending mode sensors 542 of the touch panel 550 arranged on each edge thereof.
Then the CGN neurons in the MAG and myelin coated, having a control or a range of concentrations of anti-TrkB antibody 29D7 plated on plates.
4- (3-Butyl-8-chloro-2,6-dioxo-2,3,6,7-tetrahydro-1H-purin-1-yl) -butyric acid ethyl ester (53 mg, 0.15 mmol) and (1 Z) -2- (2, 3-dichlorophenyl) -λ/-hydroxyethanimidamide (36 mg, 0.165 mmol;
Such as 4), when the for each ECC block of each data information is recorded in the last data, when taken together, with the position of the ECC block may have a different position of the boundary, and may be formed in the ECC block in a remaining area.
S-methylisothiouronium methyl phosphite (salt), 73% yield, mp 119-120 OC. According to literature data, melting point was 120 °C (V.V.Orlovsky, 1969);
2- [3- (2-methoxy-phenyl) -2-methyl-acryloylamino] -benzoic acid;
20. The compound of claim 1, wherein R3 and R4 are independently selected from the group consisting of: H, Br and Cl.
With reference to Formula (I) compound, or of intermediates obtained during the preparation, especially parallel purification using chromatography device may be, for example, an ISCO Corporation (4700 Superior Street, Lincoln, NE 68504, USA) those manufactured device.
Figure 3 B shows the substrate of Figure 3 A in another color picture;
37. The method of claim 36, wherein the nanogap sensor, wherein the antigen is a PSA, a prostate cancer markers.
Glomerulonephritis have been demonstrated in animal models of MCP-1 in the raised during disease, and this increased infiltration with macrophages to the kidney associated and proteinuria.
27. The method according to claim 26, wherein said wireless terminal, said stream is a stream of packets.
From Figure 3 it can be seen that the complex notch filter 50 comprises a first real notch finite impulse response (FIR) filter 310, a first imaginary notch FIR filter, the second real notch FIR filter 330 and a second imaginary notch FIR filter 340.
10. A burner according to claim 9, characterized in that each of said compartments includes a damper.
Once the peer has downloaded the all of the desired content blocks, the peer can decode the file (step 215) and the downloaded content integrity check (step 216).
Process (b1) comprises converting the second diamine was added to the reaction mixture and the reaction mixture is heated to an elevated temperature is maintained for about 2 hours to about 8 hours.
However, Figure 17 shows surface sections 64 are deformed, as in Figure 13, a radial anomaly deformation.
97.6% purity 6,8-dibromo-5 '-succinimido-1', 3 ', 3'-trimethyl-spiro- [2 H-1-benzopyran-2, 2 '-indoline] was 106.6%.
35. The system of claim 31, further comprising means for identification of the plurality of underwriting requirements by uncovered by at least one of the one or more impairments of the device.
4. The composition of claim 3, wherein the polymer is a biopolymer 増 tolerance, the ionomer is an ethylene/acrylic acid copolymer is a metal salt of ethylene/methacrylic acid copolymer of one of the metal salt.
14. The cutting tool according to claim 11, characterized in that the screw and the mounting hole is defined at the contact between the substantially 180 degrees or less of the range.
Cohen, C. J., et al., MoI Pharmacol., 42: 947-951 (1994)
13. A method according to claim 10 or claim 11, wherein the spatial image type display device lying in front and behind the front display device and rear display device to display said respective display surfaces of the segmented image as the image data to make stereoscopic display, wherein segmenting the image to be displayed by said split images being obtained.
16. The method according to claim 9 wherein the personal computer card, wherein the common interface includes a functional module for transmitting information from the personal computer card is provided to a module identification application of a functional module identification connection.
15. The method of claim 9, wherein said modulating step comprises using a trellis coded quadrature amplitude modulation on said trellis code block of said output is modulated.
1. A species with a device, comprising: encoding a plurality of instructions of a computer accessible medium when the instructions, when executed, compile a stylesheet into one or more data structures;
Figure 25 illustrates the application shown in Figure 6 the multiple-order vector predistorter of the predistorter control circuit.
The loading and unloading system 652 is typically at a controlled speed automatic loading and unloading the wafer.
The ink cartridge 6 stores the supply of ink to the printhead.
The operating temperature of 78 ° F, the pH is 7.
1. A seed by analyzing the header of the IPG and PPG signals, a method to estimate the cerebral blood flow, the method comprising: a) at least a portion of the cardiac cycle is found within the maximum slope of the IPG signal or the most negative slope;
First, the substrate carrier 11 is rotated about the pivot 15 the substrate delivery device (not shown) position.
Another method is to use as shown in Figure 3 in combination with a waterproof style connector.
3. The abrasive article of claim 1, wherein said rigid segments extend from a common substrate, and the substrate is at least partially formed from a plurality of intersecting slots in the partition.
After fabrication of the garment material, the garment material is removed from the mold 30.
4. A method according to claim 3, wherein the selecting step further comprises:
23. The belt press of claim 22, wherein said plurality of reinforcing yarns comprises a plurality of machine direction yarns and a plurality of transverse yarns.
These results suggest that the pCK vector could be used for naked DNA gene therapy (see Figure 22).
27. The method of claim 11, the fuel cell power system comprising a molecular sieve, wherein the gas flows in the fuel cell stack from prior to said at least one reaction chamber to the molecular sieve, and wherein said molecular sieve is to prevent the hydrogen molecule to said fuel cell stack.
8. The composition of claim 6, wherein the stress protein is a mycobacterial stress protein.
In addition, other base station 111 is connected to the RNC 109.
In this latter class in a set of interesting compounds occurs when R 2, X and Y are each a hydrogen atom, and especially so when R3 is a hydrogen atom.
The vessel 25, 26 accommodates a connected by wires to the voltmeter (not shown) of a first reference electrode 8 and a second reference electrode 9.
25. A test which has a plurality of software modules of the software of the method, the method comprising the steps of:
U. S. Patent 4,461,809 describes a polyolefin coating is used as a ready-to-use paint primer of the shaped articles of the surface treatment agent.
In the sliding area selecting unit 921 b list is received in the mobile communication terminal of the content, and the content selecting unit 923 for display.
3. The method according to claim 1 wherein the enzyme is an enzyme mixture, the mixture contains from about 99% to about 99.4% bromelin, between about 0.04% to about 0.06% ficin and about 0.02% to about 0.04% of papain.
(1) Hydrogen, and (2) -C1-6 alkyl.
The output of the information calculator 764 is one for accuracy and reliability, I is an information criteria (xa, ya)# max.
Figure 8 B is illustrated in Figure 8 A having a laminar flow zone is illustrated in a side view of the module.
This gives compound optionally substituted TEMPO (2,2,6,6-tetramethyl-4-piperidine N-oxide), which is capable of selectively of glucose units of the cellulose into the C (6) of the primary hydroxyl group is oxidized to the aldehyde and/or carboxyl groups.
This is not directly connected to the said prefabricated cabins 3 an example of a component, however they may be transferred to the ship in the chamber prior to the connection of the upper chamber associated with the preform.
9. A video display circuit, characterised by comprising:
Manufacture of the ring fixture 3, choice of materials and manufacturing techniques are described above with reference to Figures 1 a-1 c of the same.
Figure 8 illustrates an apparatus system and the communication between the central system.
4. A frame as claimed in claim 1, characterized in that the device comprises a power unit, having engine.
44. An apparatus according to claim 33, wherein said n-bit protocol comprises 1 start bit, 8 data bits, and 1 stop bit.
Although and DNA anchor primer is observed, compared to the 10-fold decrease in sensitivity, but also showed a PNA anchor in NASBA primers that are functional in (Figure 10).
8. The method according to the quadrature modulator of claim 6, wherein the first amplifier is coupled to the output of the first mixer with said first synchronous detector between one input, and the second amplifier being coupled to the output of the second mixer with said second synchronous detector.
During the trial, the source of the crude oil sample is maintained at 150 ° F (66 °C) in order to ensure that the paraffin is still in solution does not removed.
Each of the post-regulator units 271-279 is coupled to the AC bus 230 and the control bus 255.
Segment color and length (e.g., black pre-S1, white -S2, grey% a S3, black -S4, white -S5, gray and black -S6 -S7) is the result of the pattern may be used to encode information.
Figure 6 C illustrates for a control extended dyadic DSP instruction, bitmap syntax for a while Figure 6 D illustrates a non-extended dyadic DSP instructions of the bitmap syntax.
6. A method according to claim 5, characterized in that the detection of the end of the high priority traffic burst comprises the step of:-at a third predetermined time interval estimation of said high priority traffic in a second bandwidth;
Thus, for purposes of clarity and understanding of the invention, for the sake of display (1) and an associated display screens (2,3) are in the drawings by the simplified, shown in schematic form;
Figure 6 shows in its motion at the maximum limit of the position of the button, at this point, the administration of a dose of an aerosolized form is provoked by administration of administration is ejected from the nozzle 5.
26. A method according to any of claims 24-25, a method further comprising:
In addition, the sterilizing chamber 51 A has a white interior surface, thereby can easily clean the sterilizing chamber 51 A and emitted into the sterilization chamber of the UV radiation can be diffused.
9. The method of claim 1, wherein the ring oscillator, said current generator comprises a current generator is proportional to absolute temperature.
In addition to the range recited herein, may use of another unsaturated monomer is about 5-15% based on the weight of the monomers.
4. A method according to claim 1, wherein the valve unit at one end, said valve element has the shape of a wedge, spherical, and conical. in any of
5. The method of claim 4 wherein for connecting a plurality of an insulated electrical conductors (36,76) of electrical connectors (35,75), characterized by:
[0013] "full-length" Vp 28 protein or nucleic acid refers to a polypeptide, or a polynucleotide sequence or a variant comprising one or more usually contained in naturally occurring wild type Vp 28 a nucleotide or polypeptide sequences of all elements.
2. A method according to claim 1, wherein the H-phosphonate is 3 '-H-phosphonate function comprising a protected nucleoside or oligonucleotide.
The above process is selective to the production of para-xylene in, for example, US Patent No.6,504,272, resulting in the description, which is incorporated herein by reference.
For example, the design center frequency occurs from a 10% variation would have the same effect acting on the reflectivity, i.e., with respect to the normal antenna array and the direction of wave propagation value of the cosine of the angle between the respective variations of 10%.
With azelaic acid, suberic acid or sebacic acid in which any one of examples 1 or 2 instead of adipic acid, gave similar results.
In particular, the cathode 25 has an amorphous diamond material 5 over it.
See 《stone and gemological 》 33 (4) 244 (1997) on T. Mose et al. article and 《gemological. J. 》 XVIII, pages 37-75 (1982). an article by on A. T. Collins
Figure 6 shows an embodiment according to the present invention produces metadata tables and the meta-data table is written to the high-level block diagram of the AVC file.
Suitable cationic polyurethanes can, under the tradename Witcobond, for example, Witcobond W-213, and W-215 formulations are commercially available from Crompton Corporation.
13. The method of claim 10, said conditioning composition, wherein the conditioning agent is a substantially soluble silicone compound, the silicone compound is a hydrophobically modified amido silicone copolyol.
(1) The use of the substrate loading station of a substrate carrier handler to move the end effector of the substrate carrier is detached from the substrate carrier conveyor;
8. The method according to claim 1-7, wherein the compound is any one of R1 is hydrogen or halogen.
While the lower portion of the needle bed FN acting on at least one cam EX, shown schematically in Figure 8, which is continuously or intermittently rotated to engage and lift is located in the top of the bed.
19. The method of claim 16 wherein the cascode circuit, wherein the cascode circuit from operating at maximum cascode output voltage, minimum cascode circuit output voltage, the maximum input terminal voltage and the maximum input terminal voltage selected from the group of voltage within the operating limits.
6. A method according to claims 1 to 5, in any of the crash sensor system, wherein said foil-type switching element further comprises at least a third carrier foil, said third carrier foil through at least a second spacer body and said second carrier foils are arranged at a certain distance, wherein the at least one second spacer comprises subjecting said at least a second portion of the active region is bounded by a plurality of depressions.
Figure 3 shows the display device in the second preferred embodiment of a selection means and the pixels of the sub-array, and Figure 4 shows a display device in which the generated by deflecting the electron beams in a positron.
With the estimated real normal mode of the conduit motion associated with a real normal modal residual flexibility component (Block 710).
10. The method of claim 1, wherein when a node is unable to communicate with a certain node NDP error message is generated and distributed to the sense node in the network.
6. The polynucleotide of claim 5, wherein the displacement of the histidine at position 333 in the amino acid is glycine.
In the present invention include the preferred protecting groups are methyl, for example R5 or R5 'is always is methyl.
10. The method according to claim 9, wherein the REO is Gd203, La203, or at least one of Nd 2O3.
GC (99.8% as free amine): J and W, DB-1,15 mx0.32mm, a carrier gas of He, procedure: 50-320 °C (5 °C/分钟)；
【0056】 again, in one embodiment, with a final, accepted interpretation of the ECG waveform is not completely contained in any group, regardless of whether the final, accepted interpretation results from the cardiologist or automated computer process.
18. The system of claim 5, wherein the applications interface application comprises: an application programming interface component, wherein the application programming interface to the external program component enables communication of the system;
26. The method according to claim 20 wherein the hot runner injection molding apparatus, wherein the planar body (92) is a one-piece with a rear face (130) and the front surface (132), a rear surface and a front surface (130, 132) has, on at least one of a groove (128), the at least one heating element (98) is integrally brazed in the pocket (128).
Miura et al., U.S. Patent U.S.6,153,688. discloses a similar process.
11. A method according to any one of claims 8 to 10, said software product of any of claims, wherein said wireless adaptation layer interface for operating system of said client device appears as a shared resources network interface from the application level is controlled by means of a socket interface in said shared resources network interface.
c) From 0 to 600% by weight of the macromolecular polymeric substance of a tackifying resin whose main scope is to tailor the Tg especially in systems based on synthetic polymers have a Tg of.
12. The method according to any of the preceding claims, wherein the information comprises information indicating that the second user equipment during the ringing information.
16. The method of claim 3, wherein said composition, wherein the composition is translucent.
S2 and S4 according to the time difference signal is subject to the differential input resistor 109, 129 is coupled to a negative input of the differential amplifier 115 according to S3 and S1 end and a time difference signal is subject to the differential input resistor 119,139 differential amplifier 115 is coupled to a positive input of the DTD4 equation, as shown.
28. The apparatus of claim 19, wherein the operations performed by the instructions further comprise:
3. A composition according to claim 1, characterized in that the cleaning device, said cleaning head is removably fixed in the body of the combination cleaning device.
1 to 10 months after transplantation to take a test sample.
By silica gel (90 g) flash chromatography using dichloromethane/methanol/25% aqueous ammonia (100: 10: 1) as the eluent, and the crude product was purified to give 1.15 g of (2 R) -1- ( (3 S) -3- ( (dimethylamino) methyl) piperidin-1-yl) -2-methylamino-3-phenylpropan-1-one.
The SCS 10 and the TLP 12 will operate together to determine the location of a wireless transmitter, as will be described in more detail.
S-69 to S-115;
F-299 to L-352;
Other methods include those described by Paulus (Behring Ins. mitt. (1985), 78,118-132);
IV) at least one 10 or more carbon atoms, fatty compound is selected from the group consisting of a fatty polyester, fatty acid esters and fatty acid amides;
The weight per epoxy equivalent (WPE) is 512.
The pressure indicating film is interposed between the clad light fiber and the embossing wheel (NB 48 spur gear, modified to have a 1 mm face in radial direction) between the embossing unit.
In Figure 5, the actuator of Figure 3 showing the metering valve so that, in operation, the valve again under pressure with a supply inlet connected to the originating from the seal.
3.12 (s, 2 H);
Figure 1 is suitable for implementing the present invention is related to a radio system and a simplified block diagram of the camera phone;
10. A species isolated antibody, wherein the antibody specifically binds to the polypeptide of claim 9 or an immunogenic fragment thereof.
Unit 112 includes a feed riser 116, which is occupied by the catalytic cracking reaction section 118.
A random access memory (RAM) is used as the 1103 is used to spread the programs and data may be written to a memory of the memory is read and can be used for image processing, and the like, that is, during the drawing (draw) image of memory.
In each pair of another mounting mechanism hole longitudinally offset from a central screw hole closer to and disposed at the both ends of the plate 31 b.
In this regard, it is difficult to determine the vanes, blades, threads or strings of a material or material composition, shape or combination of shapes, since it is desired to capture these decisions must comply with the bivalves 6 and related species of the number and/or capture the bivalves 6 which is dependent on the desired speed.
4. The method of claim 4, wherein the lens is submerged for about 30-900 seconds.
The first embodiment of the present invention will be described with reference to Figure 1 through Figure 5 will be described.
In addition, it is also possible to remove the multiplier 327.
A solution of the residue in toluene (400 ml), to this was added tributyltin hydride (50 ml) and 2,2 '-azobis (isobutyronitrile) (100 mg).
9. The invention of claim 8, wherein the circuit to the bladder is increased by a certain amount of pressure forces are substantially equal to the pressure on the platform is no load and the load of a pressure difference between the pressure of the applied under load.
9. The system of claim 7, wherein the plurality of content access rules include a session rights object and one or more first additional rules are separately delivered to the customer;
Figure 5 is used to perform the FIGS.3 and 4 processes in the private network in view of the IP layer. Figure 6 is a is used for performing an embodiment of the present invention a view of the computer hardware.
16. A seed according to the method of claim 14, wherein said updating step of temperature compensation value table if the relative accuracy comparison indicates that the received accuracy indicator is higher than the temperature of the wireless device with the temperature compensation value when the indicator of accuracy associated with the determined mean frequency adjustment of the updated temperature compensation value table.
According to the invention, the device 1 is inserted, and at that point the itself is provided on top of the barrel, the oscillating assemblies 7 and 8 are in the open position and form a and syringe size is the same ring.
This forces the adapter 72 forward against the heap of articles 2 until the article 2 is captured by the adapter 72 is reached.
In a well known method or the BKM (the best known method), in conjunction with H2 as the active stripping agent in the stripping process, the dual Exelan-HPTM Research model LamTM capacitive coupling (DFC) dielectric erosion of the wafer is placed in the system.
If present, the material should be maintained at less than about 0.1% of the content.
The pH of the liquid compositions of the invention is typically equal to or greater than 5.0, preferably greater than 6.0, most preferably greater than 6.5.
The center beam member 30 is provided with a projecting from its right end of the nut member 23 b.
This means that the first section 206 with all individual pixels in the second part 208 with the corresponding pixel in the same coordinate.
18. A medicament as claimed in claim 12, characterized in that the composition, wherein the amount of the surfactant in the composition is about 0.1% to 5% by weight.
10. The method of claim 1, wherein the sensor comprises a pressure sensor.
43. The composition of claim 12, wherein when the composition in (a) of 50 ml 0.1 N HCl at 37 °C and 150 rpm in a small volume drug release test, the composition in at least about 90% of the fenofibrate dissolved in 15 minutes;
The direct polymerization process, reference is made to U. S. Patent Nos. 3067262,6060167, Japanese Patent Application Laid-Open S57-22043, Japanese Unexamined Patent Application Publication Kokai H7-90024 et al.
In this manner, 267 g of a residue is obtained, which contains 31.9% Ti and 30.7% Fe.
36. The method of claims 19-35 a in any one in the form of an oil-in-water emulsion having low toxicity for parenteral administration of a sterile pharmaceutical cisplatin composition, wherein a preparation method using aqueous sodium hydroxide solution to provide the desired pH.
Fingers 30 "past the needle penetration points 46 and the extending portion may have a substantially uniform height dimension 30 H".
6. The method of claim 5, wherein said high energy electromagnetic radiation is a laser.
An average diameter of no greater than about 25 microns (e.g., having an average diameter of about 0.5 microns to about 20 microns) of fine diameter fibers, or more particularly, microfibers may have an average diameter of from about 2 microns to about 10 microns.
25. The system according to claim 21, characterized in that the converter can be achieved by repeating a unit pixel value is increased by at least one of the respective bit depths of depth.
The roof wall 204 define a nozzle opening 208, when used to eject ink from the ink ejection port.
The amount of hybridization reaction samples, each amplification product is between 10 u. l each for positive controls and plasmid DNA, and the 10 μ lHPV amplification product and 5 u, l of a mixture of beta-globin amplified product for use by a cervical swab extracts obtained in the DNA.
1. The baked film was put on the spinning chuck and spun at 0 rpm rotating [this is a static application].
With sufficient force to push the diaphragm 2, so that the diaphragm 2 is a particulate matter trapped by the clean.
Ar9 and Ar 10 may be fused together.
29. The method according to claim 28 to claim 21 as claimed in any one of the method is characterized in that the second filtering to generate a second output signal having only within a predetermined pressure range having either a positive or a negative value to have only the pressure of the second derivative;
35. A method according to claim 33 or claim 34 wherein the method of the first inductor winding may be connected to a charging control units, the method further comprising the steps of:-identifying the type of the device can be energized;
Tensile element 12 in this process ensures that the transverse elements 11 push belt 10 to continue to follow the path of the design.
The upper end of the "C" 14 is tilted upward (as shown in the figure), so that the hook, i.e. away from the upper end to the lower end portion is formed between an open space.
After the polymerization reaction, where necessary in the acetone is removed under reduced pressure to yield 33% solids emulsion.
Figures 12 and 13 illustrate a fifth embodiment according to the present invention a golf driving mat.
11. The method of claims 1-10, wherein one of the components, the first portion and the second portion is separated from the form between them a plurality of open interior.
As shown in Figure 9, the opening 114 may have any shape and size including, but not limited to, rectangular/square 114 a, rectangular/square with rounded corners rounded 114 b, 114 c.
43. A method according to claim 35, further comprising: when at least one of the plurality of account exceeds the credit limit, the limits of the wireless device to perform the functions of the billable operation.
38. The device of claim 37, further comprising means for scaling an image at high resolution obtained by the device.
According to the present invention: Figure 1 is a perspective view of a dispenser for dispensing liquid intermediates, to produce a liquid concentrate.
The SNMP server 3 the distal end of the cable modem (11) check and control all operating state.
In Figure 7 a, the three-level modulator 700 includes a second order stage 701, such as that shown in Figure 5, the latter having a first order stage 702.
Issued to L.F.Miller, entitled, "Method of Joining a Component to aSubstrate", U. S. Patent 3429040 discloses the use of a solder bump on the semiconductor chip is attached to the substrate in a flip chip configuration.
In addition, a mixture of hydrogen and argon gas, such as the above described mixture (H2 (3%)/Ar mixture) represents a rhodium-containing catalyst for use in a particularly preferred embodiment, because it is able to use both the whole process, that is, for the in situ reduction of the catalyst and as a carrier gas.
19. Use according to anyone of the preceding claims, wherein the TCR complex of T cell receptor binding with a lipid bilayer.
On the other hand, the inner ring 93 and the outer ring 91 is provided in the rear portion of the connection with the elbow 85 85 R.
With the described device for writing information on a record carrier (1) of the first operating state and for from the record carrier (1) reads the information of the second operation state.
In addition, taking into account the head 16 with the size of the area may be arranged in any number of protruding portions.
25. A seed coating composition was prepared by a process which comprises the steps of:-providing a binder containing a resin component;
Figure 6 is a communication system allowing the narrowband tandem-free operation (TFO-NB), wideband tandem-free operation (TFO-WB) and standard narrowband tandem vocoding transition the flow chart illustrating the steps of a.
Then client serial number from the decryption of the retrieved in the client request message (step 406), but also to the appropriate database or directory search in an associated client public key (step 408).
The drug delivery device optionally may also include a screen 28 for the nanopore membrane provides structural stability without affecting the rate of release of the therapeutic agent.
22. The method of claim 13, further comprising an error driving performance in case instead of the vehicle control.
In general, if the NVRAM cache memory component NVC (MP) (422) and NVC (SD) (418) large enough to store all of the file to be transmitted, it is only necessary to NVRAM-NVRAM connection.
13. The method of claim 12 wherein the sanitary napkin disposal assembly, characterized by:
Once the third column 6 there are any raised, rod 9 is the front seat part 8 with which it can be pulled to a tilted position, as shown in Figure 2 is shown in its final position.
8. The connector of claim 7, wherein the edge connector is adapted to convert the PCI express signal to be routed from a Northbridge chip set to the connector.
27. The optical method of claim 26, further comprising:
Then as illustrated in Figure 2 B, the AT 230 may establish a connection with the second AN 220.
The mature suspension containing 1840 mg irones/kg dry rhizomes.
24. The apparatus according to claim 18, wherein the link comprises an Internet based link.
On a workpiece using a template to form the desired indicia, comprising marking pattern after the central position of the through-holes 2, the workpiece can be mounted within the needle 12 and cap 13 is centrally placed on the pins.
The organic groups preferably have from 4 to 30 carbon atoms, more preferably having 4-20 carbon atoms, more preferably from 4 to 8 carbon atoms.
According to the determining of a character sub-string, at block 330 c is confirmed in a plurality of candidate string, such as "the", "theatre", "theft",..., "this", and "thom".
【0037】 Fig.5 a-d show, respectively, of a hand-held input accelerator device front, side and rear view of the second input device includes a plurality of configurable having an active area of the array of pressure sensors.
17. A device as claimed in claim 16, characterised in that said establishment means further comprises means for storing said matrix P-1 of memory.
Figure 6 provides only an overview of a delivery service, in Figure 6, the details of each step shall be provided further below.
Thus, by using the Bluetooth at 2.4 GHz to encode the Bluetooth message of the frequency hopping scheme there is some interference.
For example, the framer/deframer circuit 82 and the air interface processing circuitry 88 may be in multiplier having an internal clock of a digital ASIC, on the same ASIC as incorporated into the component having the SERDES 86.
11. An electrical connector of the type having a bail latch to hooked on a complementary mating connector, comprising:
30. The composition of claim 23, wherein the polybutene processing oil has a viscosity at 100 °C of greater than 35 cSt.
Figures 3 A-3 I show the forming process of the transistor of Figure 2;
More preferably, the thickness of the semiconductor 104 it is desired to analyze and performs an optimum design.
38. The method according to claim 29 for simultaneous rendering of multiple encoded video streams, the interactive decoder further comprises means for displaying said single composite interleaved video stream as a video display device of
2. The compound of claim 1, wherein A is 3. the compound of claim 1, wherein R7 is alkyl or substituted alkyl.
The communication system 100 has a wireless transmitter 10.
Figure 2 b depicts in a in a system without a Reclaim list the free-space manager 130 of the thresholding policy used by way of example.
U. S. Patent 5,787,197, based on a dictionary of post-processing techniques used for online handwriting recognition.
12. A method according to any of the preceding claims, characterized in that the cartridge, the lid port comprises a rubber seal, its central pierceable portion and a peripheral portion for thicker, when cartridge installed into a beverage extraction machine radially is established when a fluid seal.
8. The combination of (i) a Factor Xa inhibitor, and (ii) selected from the group consisting of aspirin, TPA, a GPIIb/IIIa antagonist, low molecular weight heparin and heparin treatment a compound in the manufacture of a medicament for use in the thrombus formation.
Otherwise, at any SFS include all belong to the boundary type of longitudinally adjacent channel, and further comprising at least one external system common neighbor channels of case 5 is satisfied.
For example, as shown in Figure 5, the contracted view 515 includes a vertically extending the contents of a data item 505 (for example are listed vertically text_ B0, and the text_ B1).
9. The method of claim 8 wherein the method of making a steel strip, wherein the molten steel in the hydrodesulfurization of a sulfur content is reduced to less than 0.01% by weight.
And 5) the digital to digital PlD update only mode.
10. A method as claimed in claim 9, characterized in that it comprises at the input signal provided to the error amplifier before filtering the input signal.
36. The user interface system, characterized in that the system comprises one of a group of commands applied to the command generation logic input interface of an object, said group of commands comprising ENTER, UP, DOWN, and OUT;
Referring to Figure 1, a mobile station 60 is in communication with reference base station 62, while it is approximately in a coverage boundary 61 is depicted by the base station coverage area.
The invention itself, however, as well as a preferred mode of use, further objectives and advantages thereof, reference is made to the accompanying drawings, on which the reading the following detailed description of illustrative embodiments will be apparent from the accompanying drawings, in which: Figure 1 is one embodiment of the present invention is a schematic view of the flexible electroluminescent film member;
As described above, the furnace 5 may be lifted and is inclined.
31. The method in claim 2, characterized in that it further comprises dividing the carbonaceous material into the chamber to form a core of fuel step.
7. The apparatus according to claim 6, characterized in that said SAW sensor device through the upper housing and the lower housing to hold, wherein said upper case and said lower case are welded to one another, and said SAW sensor device is maintained on the base of the receptacle.
A carboxyl group content of 0.035 to 2.0 mol/kg of acrylic polyol is derived from a polymerizable ethylenically unsaturated monomers such as (meth) acrylic acid alkyl ester and a vinyl monomer.
And (3) with the sun gear and ring gear is engaged with the planetary gear carrier is mounted.
